This was fantastic.  I had the country breakfast burrito (egg, potato, & cheese).  Everything was nice and fresh and not too greasy.  It honestly tasted like something I would make at home, but better because someone else cooked it.  Fast drive thru service and there was 4 cars behind me.  I am looking forward to trying some of the other goodies on the menu.
Great manicures and pedicures! 
We have been here twice and have loved the service both times! We have made an appointments but they do take walk ins.
They give great relaxing massages! Good prices as well.
Perfect for a nightcap. Dim, moody lighting and totally intimate. Drinks are pretty pricy and didn't eat any food, but the service was great! I loved the 'feel' of the place so much I'd go back sometime.
Perhaps you've heard of the Library of Congress.  Nice Library.

Burton Barr Central Library has a bigger reading room.

Wil Bruder was the Architect.  You either love his work, or you hate his work.  I love his work!  And, this library is as good as it gets.

Arrive in the sixth floor reading room a little before Noon *on* the Summer Solstice.  Ask a librarian:  They'll tell you why. [ah, the mystery....]
Yes I'm a fan of Frances.  I love to shop the lay out is great and there is a nice range from little treats such as cute coin bags and earrings to clothing and purses. My one complaint is that yes some things are priced too high for my opinion, but the prices are sort of a hit and miss. Some things i find reasonable other items are far to over priced. Yet overall i shall always come back to see whats in stock. I have gotten both presents for myself and others and each time I've gone the staff has been very kind and attentive.
I was wasting time looking through FB yesterday, when I saw that Aji was giving out free pina colada cupcakes at the Phx public market. That was enough to get me to try their food. I got the gaucho and the bf got the Inca. The gaucho was just ok, in my opinion, it had too much meat. Additionally, the meat was very fatty....however....the sauce was amazing! Unfortunately, all that meat made it difficult to taste the sauce and the onions and all of the good things about the sandwich. I would like that sandwich if it had maybe 2 layers of meat (instead of like....a whole pound of meat or so), but I think I am the only one. Anyway, the reason for the 4 star review was the BF's sandwich. It was soooo good! The sandwich was on a soft roll with just enough crunch on the outside. It had the perfect amount of sauce (unlike mine which needed a lot more sauce). The sandwich was very delicious and full of spice, chicken and french fries. Yes...french fries! Just like getting Peruvian food...but on a sandwich...out of a truck....genius! I would definitely get this sandwich again. 

Oh, and if you were wondering.....the cupcake was awesome! They should probably include one with every sandwich....just sayin.
The Vine Tavern (i'll omit the word Eatery as i'm fairly certain this term can't be applied to the food they serve at this establishment) is a vortex sort of culmination hang-out for low-brow Fred Durst clones and future (day-shift) strippers. With that being said, this cesspool of a building hasn't burned to the ground yet so I feel compelled to warn others before they consider spending an evening there.

Being new to the Tempe area, myself and a small group of friends decided to drop in to check it out.  As we approached the-dimly lit building I began to have second thoughts: my bloomy sense was tingling (more on this later). As we entered we were greeted by a lovely bouncer type gentlemen who begged us to pay the 5$ cover.... seriously. We were seated towards the back near a group of teenage mothers and their burly counterparts. We ordered food...

The food arrived in a timely manner, it may have been poisoned but i was too hungry to care. I ordered the mushroom/swiss burger.... 9 dollars-ish. If Mcdonalds ever begins selling their products in the frozen food aisle of grocery stores it might taste something like what they serve at The Vine. I had immediate food regret, my only consolation was the 1$ you call its and the poor old man behind the mic with his acoustic guitar wrapping up his set. Surreal. .. . .We regrettably paid and escaped out the back. 

Good: Cheap Drinks !!!!  
Bad: You may be stabbed!!!
Had a lunch meeting with a friend. Ordered the cheese slice with a salad with Blue Cheese. Beverage of choice was Green Tea. The meal was very tasty, slice of pizza very adequate and the salad was also of nice proportion. The meal was filling and I didn't leave over stuffed like you sometime do after pizza. The meal was very healthy with all items organic.
My parents were in town a few weeks ago, and when my parents are in town, we like to take them to restaurants that they've never been to before.  My dad appreciates good food, and we had a feeling he'd like Coup Des Tartes, so that's where we found ourselves on that particular Saturday night.

We brought the wine (a bottle of red and a bottle of white) and my parents picked up the tab... such a deal!  We were seated in the back room - one I'd never even seen before... there was just our table and three other tables in the little room.  I convinced my mom to share the signature salad with me to start... and although Jared asked my dad to share the onion tart as an appetizer, my dad insisted on ordering his own.  (It worked out though, so I was able to take a few bites of the tart too).  For our meals, my mom and Jared went with the chicken, I had the salmon, and my dad went for the steak.  My fish was cooked just perfectly and served with an amazing butternut squash risotto and some green beans too.  Everyone enjoyed their meals and despite the fact that we were all pretty full, we went ahead and ordered the mixed berry tart with four forks for dessert.  We cleaned that plate too.

Needless to say, we were right about my dad enjoying his meal at Coup Des Tartes.  We've always had great meals at Coup Des Tartes and we're sure to be back again real soon.
The vegan wrap is not vegan- it is a play on their title--  the idiot manager tried to explain it- yeah I get it- it's stupid- disgusted-
Awwee... Now you are talking!! This place is down the street where I live with the same atmosphere and ambiance than the one in Scottsdale and I do not have to drive all the way to snooty Scottsdale to see all that!! Yayyy!! =) Full bar!! =) The menus is not too bad, but nothing that you can say OMG! but I have to say the Beef Stroganoff is really good ( considering I rarely eat read meats). Do not waste your money on the fried chicken or the pretzel/cheese fondue... (overpriced and for the ones that now how to cook, me, we can make this way better). Live music on Fridays and Saturdays!! =) Oh! and it is the ONLY place in Arizona where I can find Pisco Sours! If you are South Americans, you know what I am talking about. Lovely place!! perfect for a date or for girls night out!! =)
Stopped by this weekend with my heart set on gluten-free bruschetta and pizza, and they didn't have any gluten-free products available. When you offer a service that nobody else does, it's important to actually offer the service. Very disappointed.
The food is good, but way overpriced. 
The service is awful, I have been on three separate occasions, and each time i end up leaving angry that the waitstaff or owner has somehow managed to insult me. 

for the money i would much rather go somewhere nicer.
O.k. I've been to Teharu twice and each time had a completely different experience. We went on Memorial Day weekend and it was not busy. There was a large variety of food and sushi types rolling down the conveyor belt.  We went 2 weekends ago and completely different. It was busy and we were seated on the far end so the conveyor belt took a while to get to us.  There was little variety to be had with the sushi. Lots of water/milk/juice etc. going by.  Service is decent and the price can't be beat but a little variety with the sushi would make me come back.
I love Jamba juice! I love their morning breakfast smoothies (spoon required!) They are high in calories but you definitely need to jump start your morning with some calories and protein to jump start your metabolism. On the other hand, they have 3 great low calorie smoothies to enjoy and everything in between! Enjoy yourself a free boost! For the brave and health conscious, definitely take advantage of the wheat grass shots. The prices at Jamba are not high compared to some of the other smoothie places in the valley, after all fruit isn't that cheap! The people at this location were very friendly and it is a nice location away from all the crazy traffic of tempe with outdoor seating available. *for the smart and brave, order something off the secret menu..unsure of what I'm talking about, google and enjoy!*
Went there a few times for dim sum.

The dim sum price was cheaper compare to couple other places. But you pay for what you got. The dim sum quality really is disappointing. They have basic dim sum variety. But nothing special or delicious really stand out.

What kind of service you got for the visit also varies. We have experienced host arguing with manager, manager arguing with waiter, and waiter arguing with the host. 

I think I would rather drive a bit further to go somewhere more consistent and tasted better in the future.
The last time I ate here, the service so bad that I walked out. So here's my attempt to see if they got any better:

FOOD: A-OK. Nothing special, but certainly not bad at all. I could see the kitchen from my booth, and let me tell you: The guys scrambling around in the tiny cook/prep area are cranking out the food! They move around like a blur. I rarely see such productivity any more. Thumbs up to the kitchen staff; you guys rock it out! 

SERVICE: Barely courteous. I think our server made eye contact once. The server was quick and attentive, which is probably more than you can expect, especially for a place like this. I will say this: The servers at this location take a lot of crap from the customers. I see and hear them too. In our server's defense we did arrive just as the Sunday church crowd was abating. I know how AWFUL the church crowd are. And I know they are usually terrible tippers. Our waiter was probably worn out by the time we got there. 

Will we be back? Maybe. I'm still in love with The Stand. But 5 & Diner isn't all that bad. We'll see.
Seriously?

How have I NOT written a review for one of my favorite places in the valley?

What a great place to start off an evening or close the night out.  It can also be a great place for lunch on one of our fabulous afternoons.  This means the ambiance is perfect in all situations.

Drinks are awesome.  Fully stocked bar.  Great drink menu.  Pricey, but worth it as they do not skimp on the good stuff.  I've tried a lot of their martini's and have enjoyed every single one.

The food here is great.  I go back and then back again for the Burger Au' Prove (burger with peppercorn sauce).  Meat is quality, buns are fresh and the sauce makes that burger mouth-watering wonderful.

Before this I will usually order the civiche or Hell Fire chips for the table.  The chips are fresh and I have been introduced to a wonderful hot sauce called Arizona Gun Slinger.  The civiche is fresh and loaded with shrimp, tomatoes, onions, cilantro and lemon all to be piled onto fresh cooked white tortilla chips.

When I have friends or family in town, this is the place I bring them to.  When I'm celebrating anything, this is the place to do so.
The MVD on Paradise is anything but a Paradise. I hate calling out people by name on Yelp, but Wendy at the front desk should not be working in customer service. She spoke down to everyone in line like they were a puppy that just pissed on the carpet. I understand she has to deal with people who aren't pleasant to her, but she is first person every customer sees. If you just moved here front out of state like I did, she is one of first few people you encounter in Arizona. Once I sat with my rep after a 45 minute wait in the bingo hall, things went smoothly. 
I recommend that you print off all the paperwork at home and have it ready when you show up.
One of our favorite Mexican restaurants. My wife had a craving for Mexican food, so we stopped off here for dinner. We've know about this place prior to moving to AZ in 1998. The food is delicious. I keep forgetting to write a review and I started this one in November, 2011. I must have the comings of Alzheimer. 
Anyway, this place used to be packed before Rancho De Tia Rosa opened. Now the customers are starting to frequent this place more because the last time we were there, both dining areas where 85% occupied.
Pumpkin Spiced Latte has just changed my life.

This place gets odd waves of business - one second quiet then - BAM! - line out the door.  Staf is friendly and efficient - we all know what Starbucks sells so, yeah, they have that stuff too.
A great place for luggage. Nice selection of accessories. I agree sales staff are very friendly and knowledgeable. They love to talk travel. The owner has a line of his own luggage. There are higher end pieces than what they carry, but love the Rick Steves and also Tumi. Collection they have.
I love love love consignment stores...and walking in this store, the smell was great...  however...

I have to say i am disappointed with My Sister's Closet. I had heard such great things, so I was really excited to go. They did have some amazing designer purses, including a $3400 jimmy chu purse that was huge and gorgeous for $1899.  

The designer section clothing was hung on nice wooden hangers with their logo (Nice touch). 

However....... The items I saw around the store, and my friend with me agreed, seemed like more than 40% really were more appropriate for a thrift store, and a lot of the items were really dirty (and still had high prices). You could see food stains on a dooney bag.. a coach wristlet, black, had white food smeared all over it... still highly priced for as dirty as it is. The thing is... even if it is a brand.. sometimes your store reputation is worth more than the 10 bucks you'll make by selling something dirty. Just my .02. 

I saw sensors put though jeans pockets, wallets (in the leather!) and other questionable placements. When I asked about it.. the sales person just said, well maybe there is someone new who does not put it in the right place. That damages items people are buying, and they may not realize the big holes placed by those sensors. 

I loved there "on the web" tags. I've never seen that before, but they are really pretty and catch your eye if you want to take a closer look. 

I prefer consignment stores to identify the sizes on the hanger by color coding or some such to make it easier to find my sizes. I get bored really fast trying to find my size..  As a consumer, I would have spent more time looking had I been able to really scan the racks easier for size.

The shoes are nicely organized.... and clearly labeled. They were not over crowded so it was easy to see the shoes. 

There are some positives.. I purchased a le sportsac tiny bag for 9.99, it was new so i do feel it was a good deal.  but really be careful what you buy.. The prices for the purses seemed high for used resale and their obvious usage stains.
The pizza is okay, I still like Barro's better, but US pizza has some good wings. The delivery has bee fast and the staff is always friendly.
I took a group of 10 future restaurant reviewers to eat at this restaurant, and none of us were disappointed.

We all shared, starting off with Hummus and Pita's, which were warm and perfect with the creamy hummus and olive oil. Another companion ordered Babaghanouj, which is an eggplant dip and nicely prepared. We also had Foul Moudamas (fava beans with garlic, chiles and spices in a sauce), as well as stuffed grape leaves. 

Several members of our group were vegetarians, and each ordered a different dish from the menu. All were pronounced excellent. Portions were so large than many had to bring home leftovers.

A member of our group ordered the Chicken Tika, and other than she would have preferred it to be spicier, it was totally devoured. Other dishes ordered were Chicken Biryani, Lamb Tika, and the Mixed Grill.

I ordered the Lamb Kuzi, which is a slow roasted lamb shank, served with it's sauce over a bed of rice. I love lamb, and this was no exception. Tender and falling off the bone, it was a complete meal and had a wonderful flavor of cinnamon with it, which I found to be both unusual and delicious.

The only dessert available was Baklava, which no one objected to.

Service was attentive and very personable. The premises were clean and by the time we left the place was packed.

4 stars for quality of food, cleanliness and service
Talk about disappointing....after giving this place 5 stars on Saturday for lunch, I went back with my coworkers last night for Happy Hour.  A few of us arrived at about 3:30 and the place was almost empty.  We let the hostess know that we were going to have a group of about 8 people for HH.  She asked if we had reservations and was a little irritated that we didn't.  Now this place is huge inside and it was empty at 3:30, I thought her attitude was a little uncalled for.  We were surprised that it did start getting very busy at about 5:00 and the place filled up as she said it would.  So keep in mind you should make reservations for HH even on a Tuesday....who would have thunk it?

I didn't see our waitress Ashley that has been so great on Saturday, so we got Elena.  She said she was new so wasn't real familiar with the HH specials.  Service was very slow, the drinks and simple HH food took forever to arrive.  One of my coworkers ordered an appetizer and when asked later where it was, Elena responded that she thought she'd forgotten to place the order.  In Elena's defense, she was new and most of the service related issues were probably out of her hands.

I would probably come back for lunch again if I was in the area, but would go somewhere else for HH.  There's a lot of other places to choose from in the same area.
I like this a lot better than any of the other take out pizza in the area. This is a quick and tasty Sunday night dinner.
Happy hour is awesome. The sushi is really good. The service has always been great. The specialty rolls are worth the price. Celebrating my babe's bday today and we picked the right place. The ambiance is lively  lots of fun.
omg, Omg, OMG!   I'll admit, I am a bit of a gypsy when it comes to nail salons.  I roam about the valley and when the mood strikes me, I will want a mani pedi (hence all the nail salon yelp reviews) so I go where ever is close at the time.  My salon wandering has come to an end now that I have found Biagio!  First off the place is immaculate, wonderful interior, clean and none of that chemical nail place smell.  This time I only got a pedi but was immediately was sat in a clean and new chair.  All the nail techs wear white smocks which is a nice professional touch so I don't have to stare at their bedazzled Baby Phat shirt.  

I didn't get my nail tech's name (I have to keep some of my gypsy ways) but she was ah-maze-ing!  The tools she used came in a sanitize sealed bag but she still placed them in a shot glass of disinfectant in front of me, instead of pulling tools out of a pencil case that god knows when they were cleaned.  My tech was friendly and polite as were the other techs there.  All mani's and pedi's include a reflexology hand/arms or foot/lower leg massage and a hot towel.  I upgraded for $6 for the sea salt scrub which alone was worth it.  Between the foot massage, sea salt massage and lotion massage my tech spent 20 minutes on my legs which alone will get me back in the door.  Just when I thought I was all massaged out (is there such a thing?) my tech gave me a neck and back massage.

Once all the massaging was over, my tech checked my cuticles again and cleaned up/touched up any areas she wasn't satisfied with.  The polish I picked was a bit sheer so she also did a triple coat without me having to ask or up charging me which was a plus.  From start to finish my pedi was pretty darn close to an hour and my bill with the upgrade was $29.

Biagio offers a lot of services including Shellac Gel at reasonable prices, waxing, facials and retail items.  Their color selection was a little limited but they sell retail polish so I am sure a lot of clients bring their own or purchase the latest shade.  They don't offer a discounted mani/pedi combo so combined it will set you back $38 but if they pay as much attention to your hands as they did to my feet it is def worth it!
I've finally been there enough times to realize that I don't like it. 

The beans are bland and the rice is salty. The salsa isn't right, either. They have all of the typical tacos, enchiladas, and other stuff you'll find in a similar Mexican place, it's just not as good.

The service is sub-par. I've noticed that the bussers do their thing right; refilling water, cleaning up, etc. The servers are happy to take their time with everything and leave you hanging.

The last few times I went to this place, it was the decision of someone else. I'm not going back.
Excellent service. Thankyou Denise!
Food was excellent...the two of us shared the C4 salad and a custom and pizza with a cappuccino and a latte.  Everything was very good and the portions big!
I love to shop here. I go broke shopping here. How I wish I was super rich to actually be able to afford buying these clothes.
Hmm, a bit disappointed. I had been here several times when I used to live in Scottsdale, but that was 3+ years ago, and I must say that I think things have gone downhill here. The bruschetta toppings on the combination platter were odd for the most part, with the exception of the traditional fresh tomatoes and basil, which was delicious and worth mentioning. The provolone on the sausage bruschetta was excessive and the overall combination of flavors just didn't work. The pesto bruschetta was SUPER garlic-heavy, even for someone like me who loves garlic. I couldn't finish either of the latter types of bruschetta. 

Onto the main course - pizza. Had the Toscana, which has mozzarella, tomato sauce, mushrooms, and sausage. The crust was burnt and flavorless and the toppings just seemed kind of bland and strangely old-tasting. I mean, not fresh. Weird, I know. 

I sort of liked the red sangria, but it was a somewhat odd twist on sangria, as it was pretty sweet and not very strong. 

I am sorry, Grazie. I am spoiled by having had the best pizza on earth in Chicago and am too excited to try the other acclaimed pizza joints in Phoenix/Scottsdale to return to your restaurant.
What? I don't get it.  Why the heck does this place have so many 5 star reviews?  The food was bland and meh.  No thanks.
so yummy... homemade style!
We love this place, morning, noon and night.  Although the food is always really good, the nighttime entre done by Chef Teresa is the best.  Although there is only one entre (as well as many other items that are sides or to be split) the imagination by Chef T makes the entre great.  Go local.  Go 32 Shea.
They have Mr. Pibb. That's fun. I first read about Matt's in an America West in-flight magazine and put it on my list of places to go.

You know the wait was about 20 minutes, the staff was quick and the food was good. I would say the biggest appeal about Matt's is that it seems like the food is reliable, you go there for breakfast and guess what you get it straight up.

What I most appreciate, is that Matt saw potential in an old downtown building and is doing his part to bring business to that part of town.
We were looking for a little dessert after eating in Phoenix and we found this place via Yelp.  We have eaten Gelato in italy and we really didn't know know what to expect here.  We were pleasantly surprised.  It is a large, clean Gelato emporium with a remarkably large assortment of flavors.  There are sugar-free choices as well.  The flavors were intense and the servings quite generous.  The overall creaminess of the Gelato may not have lived up to the the best in Italy but it is a close second.  We also purchases a piece of cake to take home.  When you have that Gelato craving, this is the pace to come.
Great food, and service! Chicken pesto flatbread is amazing! Mac & cheese - wow!
They really focous on the grill part. The meul is full of griled chicken, meat and a fish item. There also are pizzas and pastas.

My main grip with this place i having highly adulterated dishes, go to italy and fettuccine Alfredo means, noodles and sauce, no chicken. The theme is carries out thought the menu, in a poor attempt to seem original lobster, sausage or chicken is added to most traditional dishes.

This left me a vegetarian with only a few choices, I went with the Grilled salmon (no sauce) with the garlic mashed potato. The salmon was a  standard farm raised variety and typically over cooked for my tastes. The potatoes were decent as enough garlic and butter can make anything good. ($17)

I did like the bread here but that is not enough of a reason to get me back. A long wait for mediocre Salmon at a less than stellar price.
Came here last night after quickly convincing the hubby we should eat out and not stay in. We have heard lots of good things about this place and I am pleased to say it is as good as people say. We were seated on the patio (a good option for a rowdy 3 year old) and were promptly given water. I ordered the Tres Amigos margarita special of the night ($7) and liked it. Next time, I'll have to try the rasberry ($8) or pomegranate margarita ($9). Hubby got the mojito and it was decent. They were also doing free tequila tastings of Tres Amigos Blanco, Anejo and I can't remember the third. I really enjoyed that as anytime I am typically having tequila, I am not exactly concerned with the tastings differences in each blend. So, I learned something new this time. Very cool. The menu looks really great and I look forward to trying new dishes here. I had the salmon and spinach enchiladas that came with rice and vegetables. The rice was moist and delicious and reminded me a lot of the rice I grew up eating with Puerto-Rican dishes. The veggies were my favorites: red onions, and green and yellow squash. The enchiladas were pretty good but I would probably not order them again. I am more of a traditional enchilada type of girl and as much as I love salmon, I guess I don't prefer it in my enchiladas. But that is no fault to Padres as the dish was very good. My husband ordered their steak and unfortunately, his medium rare steak came out well done. They fixed it but hubby was very annoyed that I was pretty much finished with my plate when his remake came out. The server was great even though he forgot my daughter's drink and ordered her a cheese quesadilla appetizer and not the kids cheese quesadilla. But other than that, he consistently checked on us, was knowledgeable and enthusiastic on the menu and told us we should come back for salsa nights. On Friday and Sat nights, they do salsa dancing and bring in a band. I can't wait to go for that with some girlfriends. Fri it is 8:30-11:30pm and Sat it is 8-11pm.
There's this Chinese math teacher at the school I work at (I know, how cliche right?) and he's been telling me all year that I HAVE to go here, and that it's the most authentic Chinese food around town.  So finally, I did.  I have no idea about authenticity, but I do know it was delicious and cheap.  It was pretty crowded on the day we came in, but we found our own seat and waited a few minutes before menus were brought to us.  There are about a billion choices, all of them priced well under 10 bucks.  This place simply cannot be beat for value.  

Absolutely clueless about what to order, I stuck with what I knew, and got the Orange Chicken Bowl, an egg roll and a can of soda that only cost 92 cents.  Our food didn't take too long, and my egg roll came out first.  It was so tasty!  It was packed full of good stuff and the sauce to dip it in was quite good.  My Orange Chicken Bowl came out in the shape of a plate.  I thought that was odd, but who really cares.  The orange chicken was really good.  It had a bright flavor and the sauce was just thick enough to cover the chicken properly.  The fried rice was the best fried rice I have ever had.  I still think about it actually.

I would definitely love to come back to this place, especially since it is right by the Light Rail.  Hopefully I will be better prepared to order something a little more adventurous next time.
soOO yummy!! 
the best vegetarian tacos around!! 
fantastic salsa bar too  & the Horchata soOO delicious! mmmm
this place is full of excitement. they have plenty of flat screens at all angles allowing you to view the different sports from any seat in the house. obviously it is a brewery so they have a pretty good variety of brews from lights to heavy. their Arizona chicken rolls for appetizers are tasty but they only come with two rolls (isn' an appetizer supposed to have at least 4 pieces?) but it was good. the popper burger was amazing, i strongly recommend. happy hour is everyday from 2-6pm, thats a plus and the pricing of everything is very fair for what you get. overall it was a great experience and i will be going back soon.
Don't walk away from the pump at this station! I know you're not suppose to. But who doesn't run in for a quick cup of coffee or snack while you wait every now and then? The pump is suppose to stop automatically. Well not here. I saw a guy spend $107 on gas overflowing out of his tank while he was talking to the rude attendant. Bad day for him.
Fast food quality, with high end restaurant wait times.

My wife and I live near downtown Phoenix/Mid Town, so when people give us restaurant recommendations to trendy spots, we love to check them out. This place was horrendous. First of all the wait, when we went, there was a line, we later discovered the reason for the line was they had one person on the register. Even though the owner was out shaking hands and getting ready to leave, the second register was never opened. By the time we got to order, 50 minutes had passed and we got to the point of where "maybe" the food quality may make up for the horrible wait.

Nope! It took about 5 minutes to actually get our food, so the issue wasn't food prep, it was just the horrible logistics of this business. I ordered a farm burger, medium with bacon and cheese. What I got resembled something that had been marinated in grease for about 12 years then under cooked and served on a delicious bun, but 2 minutes into the meal the bun resembled a soggy rag. The fries had a weird taste to them, I ended up not eating my meal. My wife got through about half of her burger before she complained about the greasiness.

I put the burger quality on par with an in-and-out, smash burger, five guys style burger. However, would you wait 30+ minutes for one of those? No, so I will never return here and I will chalk up all of the recommendations for this place to, suburb folks that have never experienced real dining.
I came to Scottsdale as part of a 15-gent bachelor party, and CPH was our big night/sendoff dinner for the bachelor.  As a result, we did a $50-per-person fixed price menu that featured a choice of one of two salads, one of four entrees, and a chef's selection on dessert.  As my friends will tell you, I eat out 6-8 times per week all over America and at nicer restaurants a couple of times a month...I've never seen one of these menus get you less food than I got last night.  (This had that "Restaurant Week for dinner in DC" feel to it; DC folks know what I'm talking about!)

Part of that was tied to dessert.  I'm allergic to nuts.  Bottom line, the chef's selection featured three desserts that all featured some form of nuts.  (I don't think a nut allergy is particularly rare these days...do you?)  I asked our server--who was otherwise an excellent host for our large, somewhat unruly group--if I could just get something plain, a chocolate cake, or a cheesecake, or sorbet...anything.  The answer was a flat no.

That affected the rest of my thoughts on the meal, really.  I'm normally a cocktail guy but I opted for a glass of the pinot grigio, which was fine...but from reading some of these Yelp reviews, it looks like I should have gotten a cocktail.  The salad (field greens) was fine, a little overdressed but the greens were tasty.

The entree was, frankly, an injustice...for a fixed price menu that also featured a 7-to-8 oz. steak and the biggest piece of chicken I've seen not on top of a waffle in Chicago, the scallops were puny.  I mean, beyond puny.  THREE SCALLOPS?  I literally took a small bite a minute, just to stretch out the amount of food on the plate.  The greens served with it were chewy, almost tough to cut with a normal knife.

So, to summarize, $50 got me three scallops, about one measuring cup worth of salad greens, and no dessert.  I can't in good conscience recommend coming back, but again, I thought the service was great and the space was well lit and featured good-looking people (I am finding this is standard in Scottsdale, but still).  I did go out to eat later that evening, because I was so freakin' starved.

At least our bachelor left happy!
Let me just start by saying WOW I love this gym, I am so glad I switched over from LA Fitness well worth the money. The people here are super nice and don't make you feel pressured into signing up for anything. When we signed up they gave us 200LT bucks which you can use towards a personal trainer(overall about 4, 1hr sessions) or other things, I scheduled my personal training with Mike Rodgers and he is great. He is able to help push me but not too hard where I start to hate working out lol. I love the fact that this club is 24hrs whether its the pool, the sauna, the weights, cardio machines anything its all open and available to be used. This facility is HUGE if you come during the day the parking lot looks like its going to be packed but when you get in there it looks almost half empty you never have to wait to use anything. Overall I am really happy I made the switch it has made such a difference in my motivation to work out.
Mastro's 2.0....ambiance is as expected the streaks are awesome.  I had the ribeye and my wife had the filet, both were  cooked perfectly and had the texture and flavor only Mastro can provide.  We have have steak in many, many places in the country and they are always compared to the Dominick (Mastro) brand and none come close.
Now we have to decide.... Dominick's, Mastros, Domincks, Mastros.... Mmmm warm butter cake is good but why not stick with the original creator?
Terrible food.  The beef ribs were super salty, and they cost $5.50 PER RIB now.  Their new menu doesn't even have a price for beef ribs, it says "Market Price," so the sky's the limit on how much Stacy can charge for them.  And they only accept cash, no credit cards, so bring plenty of $$$.

The ribs were not smoky at all.  I thought this place was called a "Smokehouse."  Not the ribs I guess.

The Mac N Cheese was from a Kraft box.  The cheese biscuits were burned.  The fried pickles weren't fried, only dipped in raw cornmeal so they were gritty and dry.

We won't be back.
best cheese curds and custard ever. Anything with strawberry is amazing!!!
Great fresh seafood, reasonable prices, trifecta sauce all day, shrimp, wings, dungeness, fried razor clams, all amazing. Would be better if corn was fresh. Over all great. I think I actually like this place more than boiling crab! This place would be 5 stars if the ambience was a little better.
I took my man here as a surprise for his 30th birthday. We got there pretty early and had a cocktail at the bar, and then another cocktail outside on their chick modern outdoor furniture. The bartender was one of the best we've had and recommended one of their speciality martinis. I tried a couple, and their citrus one was to die for. It was seriously the best drink I've had. 

I made a reservation for sunset and scored one of the best views in the restaurant. Do yourself a favor and ask for a table right along the window so you have a great unobstructed view of the sunset. The views were the the most beautiful I've seen in the Valley. It was 180+ degrees of pure beauty. 

I thought the dinner was fantastic, our service was good, and the ambiance made it worth the money. It's really pricey though, and while the food is great, it didn't blow me completely out of the water. It was by no means average, don't get me wrong, just not super-extremely-fantastic for how much it costs. I'd definitely go back for a special occasion!!
Perfect spot for afternoon dining on the patio (at least in the spring time).  Nice happy hour menu.  My favorite thing is actually the croissant bought in the morning at their "market".  It is perfect - flaky inside and kind of crispy outside.  Treat yourself to one if you're here.
After seeing Sarah Brightman at Jobing Dot Com Arena I was still in the mood for dessert. (See my Gordon Biersch review.)

I walked through the Westgate Center after the show and decided to give Yard House a try. Perused the menu outside and decided that the desserts looked good.

Went in and was promptly seated at a nice big booth for just one person. The hostess asked if I'd ever been there before and I told her no. She briefly explained the menu for me. 

When the server arrived he also asked if I'd ever been there before. I told him no and he went over the menu again. I didn't want him wasting his time so I told him I was just interested in dessert. He pointed out the dessert section and I asked him if he recommended the 'pint-sized apple peach cobbler.' He said he did but warned me it was small....hence the 'pint-sized' disclaimer. I thought that was cool....some menus say 'pint-sized' but he wanted to make sure I understood they meant it. Honesty goes a long way with me.

I said that was fine....that's all I wanted and really needed. He asked if I wanted anything to drink and I told him I'd look over the HUGE beer list. 

When he came back I asked him his preference between two beers. I took his suggestion with the Murphy's Irish Red and really enjoyed it. 

The 'pint-sized' cobbler was small...as he had warned...but it was tasty. The caramel ice cream it was served with was a welcome touch over the traditional vanilla.

Beer and a cobbler.....strange, I know.....but it worked. 

The ambiance of the place was casual and laid back with lots of televisions everywhere and lots of classic rock (like their slogan says).

Would like to try some of the food next time I'm in the Westgate area. 

Oh.....the sinks in the men's room were awesome. Or I guess I should say sink in the singular. It was a long trough with three or four 'spigots'. You put your hand up to the 'spigot' and a STRONG stream of water about two or three inches wide came out.  Made washing your hands pretty darn cool. It's the first time in a LONG time that I've felt I got all the soap off my hands in a public restroom.

A great and relaxing end to my evening out. Will be back.
Reasonably priced, great food!!!  The pizza was out of this world, the Vodka Pasta was unbelievable and chicken dishes are flavorful and tasty. This experience is worth the drive.
OK, this is my FAVORITE burger place in AZ (maybe anywhere)!

But, they get ridiculously crowded (not a whole lot of people per se, but the place is tiny and the grill setup is awkward for ordering and standing in line).

Each burger is made to order in the order it was ordered :-D

Delicious, but they almost lost me as a customer last time, because it was 5 min before closing and they said they were cooking anymore orders :-(

I once ate the largest burger on the menu too :-)

I am sorry, I worked in the restaurant industry for years, and if you are OPEN, you are OPEN.

Pissed me off so much, I vowed to not return, but....I did...just cant resist these mesquite grilled patties of deliciousness!

Cash only so bring it-they have an ATM but stupid high fee.

GO AT LEAST ONCE!
Veggie Burro, No Cheese is the big winner here! All Vegan, All Delicious!
That meal and evening could not have been more perfect!!!  We had bone marrow with herbs arugula to spread on toasted bread that I will have again for sure since it's hard to find; the milk braised pork shoulder with white beans and escarole that was SO flavorable and the pork could not have been more tender; pickled red and golden beets with goat cheese and pistachios that I will now do at home because adding the goat cheese and pistachios will make them so much more inviting to a lot of people who won't try beets; crisped brussel sprout leaves that are so unique..... and a salted caramel with sweet crème fraiche.... the Williamette Pinot Noir was a good price too... 

This place could not get any better!!!!!  Loved out seating; Beth the manager who checked with us many times; Brenda our waitress who was excellent and another manager spoke to us as we left.

This is going to be a place we go back to many times!
DELICIOUS! I just found this place and it's a great spot for date night! I had the cho cho and I'm still dreaming about it!
You are pretty much guaranteed a good burger at Delux.  That plus a hugeormous selection of beer and amazing service equals a great meal.  About the service, the last time I was there my waitress had a knack for knowing what I wanted before even I did.  That was impressive.  If I needed my drink topped off she was already on it. 

Word to the wise, chances are you'll be sitting at a big long table with a bunch of other people.  So if you are looking for something more intimate, this isn't your place.
I finally got to try out the Hardrock cafe in downtown Phoenix. My first impression is that it's smaller then I thought it would be, but it's still pretty roomy the way the tables are spaced out. This is a great place to go if you are going to attend a concert or basketball game at the US Airways center (directly across the street) or Chase Field where the Diamondback's play. Overall, it has a pretty neat atmosphere with everything being music related. Lot's of guitars and gold records along with pictures cover most of the walls. be prepared, it is very loud in there. Music videos will be playing. This does not bother me, but you may have to raise your voice to be heard.  Now, onto he food. My wife and I had already eaten, so we ordered an appetizer of chicken lettuce wraps. Nothing to complain about. Eveything was fresh and the layout of the food was appealing. Ordered and iced tea that was better then most places. We also had a great waiter...don't recall his name though. Prices are a little high, but it is geared towards being different and your probably paying  for that. I would go back again, but I would not just drive into Phoenix just to eat there on a whim. Maybe next time I go to a D'backs game or the Roger Waters concert in May.
Another place that's walking distance. Subway is one of those places where you can't go wrong....you got 5-dollar value meals or foot longs. The guys are really friendly and aren't stingy with the toppings. I'm not a big fan of the smell subway's have though. Eh anyways its just one of those places where im lazy and don't want to make a sandwich...plus it helps me keep my girlish figure like jared :)
TLC Pet Sitting Service is WONDERFUL!!!!   I recently took a trip and left my (ancient - 18 and 20 years old) cats at home under the care of TLC.  Upon my return, the cats were clam. happy and healthy.  I am very grateful and pleased to have found these people.     Faith Carman
Customer service here is definitely top notch. They go our of their way to make your stay a positive experience. We had just drove about 11 hrs straight from California, overnight and really needed a nap, so we called the hotel to see if we could check in early (7:15 am'ish) -- they checked to see if rooms were available, and they were so we were able to get in early. Free breakfast buffet was on, so we quickly grabbed a bite to eat first, and then headed to our room.  

The rooms are very spacious, and beautiful. Our room was a One Queen Bed, Jr. Suite. Nice kitchen area with utensils, pots, plates, glasses, fridge, stove, and even a dishwasher!!  Couch in the sitting area near the tv. Full bath/shower combo, with sink just outside of bathroom, and a large closet. High ceilings also, which adds to the spacious feel.

On day #2 we slept in, and missed the free breakfast by about 20 mins... So, my husband called down to confirm what time breakfast ended. He was told that breakfast had ended, and they hung up.  Within a few minutes the guy at front desk called our room to ask if we would like him to put together some items for us to eat from the kitchen.  OMG, how nice is that!?!  So we still scored some free breakfast AND got to sleep in! We were VERY impressed that Oscar went out of his way for us.

The pool area was beautiful, with a nice rock waterfall, and fountains that spray into the pool.  Also nice hot tub.  Slight con, was that the pool was colder than most Arizona pools we have been to, but not so cold that you can't get used to it. And in the Arizona heat, it was quite refreshing. Temperature was about 110 - 115 degrees while we were visiting. They even have a BBQ down by the pool area that you can use.

On the day of check out we were running a bit late (as you can see, we REALLY maximized our stay ;) -- at about 12:15 pm we got a call from front desk asking us if we would like late check-out.  Wow, impressed yet again! Normally, we are used to less friendly calls rudely "reminding" us of check out time, as if we don't know.  

Nearby there are tons of great restaurants in a plaza area called "Westgate" - even a fountain show, to music, in the center area of all the restaurants/bars.

We researched hotels quite a bit before chosing this one, and the research paid off... We would definitely stay here again, if in the area!
Fun little place!

We went on a weeknight with our pooch and it was surprisingly busy. I love how they renovated and decorated the place. They have a beautiful patio area. It's nice inside but a bit cramped. A loooong time ago it used to be a coffee shack that I used to go to before I went to high school down the street. Definitely a nostalgic area! 

We started out with the bruschetta and some wine. Wine was decent and the bruschetta was awesome. I was a bit disappointed with the portion of the bruschetta though. I'm used to Postinos board of bruschetta with the same price but twice as big. Barely enough for 2 people to share.

We both ordered the entree of the moment which was a shrimp pasta dish, sans shrimp for me. It was delicious. The sauce was so creamy and garlicky. The portion was perfect. However the price isn't listed on the menu and I didn't think to ask. It was a little pricey for a cafe type of environment. 

Service was warm and friendly. They were great with my dog which always wins brownie points for me. The food did take a very long time to come out though. The bruschetta took about 40 minutes, entree about an hour. Long time for a weeknight. 

Overall we had a great time. I can't wait to come back and have a leisurely brunch with my hubby and pooch. The breakfast items look amazing (reasonably priced too!) and they have mimosas!
All I can say is WOW.. I love Papa Joe's. I always have the catfish and shrimp combo with extra tarter sauce! It is the best thing since single packaged cheese. The only bad thing I have to say is that it seems smokey in there from all the fried foods. You always leave smelling like you've been fried which is not to bad. You can always go outside on the little patio too! I just wish they had better ventilation.
I give this location no stars cuz they are horrible at there job took them 15 min to make a latte and my girlfriends iced coffee taste horrible!
Very friendly Staff and patrons. Lots of regulars. 

Really need much bigger and more TVs behind the bar. Yes, there are tons of TVs along the walls (to your back as you sit at the smallish bar, which has 3 32" TVs you can see at a time and only one if you're on the end), but 80% of them are 18" TUBE TVs!!!!! 50 are TUBES and only 10 are decent size HDTV. 

Bathrooms are small and outdated for such a large place. The two urinals are literally 4" apart. Too close for comfort. 

Someone needs to invest in this place. 

Need better, more, bigger and permanently mounted TVs on patio. They are on carts now.
5 reasons to go to the vig:

1. it's outdoors w/heating lamps...which is PERFECT for AZ weather in the fall & winter...LOVE IT! 

2. it has a bocce ball court...drinking while chucking heavy balls on grass...LOVE IT! 

3. it has this (heavenly) chocolate brownie dessert...sharing is difficult...LOVE IT! 

4. it's really close to postino's...makes a great night...LOVE IT! 

5. it has the vig rig...which will shuttle your intoxicated self home (running on tips only!)...LOVE IT! 

with those 5 reasons need I say any more?
We won a gift certificate and decided to try out Daily Dose for lunch. The food was just alright, nothing to write home about. My husband had the Kobe burger and I had the chicken tacos. The service however was excellent; my order didn't come out the way I was expecting, and they remade it for me no problem, and were very happy to do so. We may or may not come back again, we were honestly hoping for some tastier food, so we'll see.
Prices are what are expected of a hotel restaurant. My bbq ribs were good, the gf chicken was a bit dry. But who cares they have SOMORES.
They get 2 stars because the food was actually good, but good lord...can we get some service...or at least have the waitress that is RUNNING all the other tables out side to serve us???

This was the first time in my life that I had ever stiffed a waitress on a tip...seriously.  It was "cute" the first time we waited 15 mins for her to come back to our table and give me a root-beer instead of a diet coke, but it wasn't so cute when we waited 30 mins for her to come back and give us the check after that.  My friend and I had to ask other servers if they could assist us because the server assigned to us apparently just had completely forgotten about us.

Oh well...you live...you learn.  Good food, but the service was awful.  My friend that suggested the place has only good things to say, so maybe it was an off day.  I mean, it was a little busy because ASU was playing on TV, but the waitress handing every other table on the back patio was keepin' up and all her tables were taken care of...our server just had our table...

Meh...
I had a bad experience here with an employee that no longer works there. When David the owner found out about it, he personally came to apologize and make it right. He was extremely genuine and just wanted to fix anything that was wrong. He really went above and beyond what I would expect out of any business owner. The food is also amazing. Try the fig and prosciutto pizza, it's delicious.
I often wonder if Atomic Comics is the result of black magic, if through a Faustian pact the owners acquired the same interior design secrets that make places like Wal-Mart and Target formidable labyrinths of compulsive consumerism. 

There is literally nowhere to go in Atomic Comics. The aisles are thin and take too long to navigate, whatever free space that would normally be available is taken up by displays and t-shirt racks, and unlike Samurai or All About Crooks & Comics, who usually staff one or two guys at a time, Atomic usually has like four or five people on shift at a time, who ALL want to know if you need help looking for something.

Yeah, actually, I'm looking for the section of your store that isn't laughably overpriced. 

In an attempt to drown out the mindless musings of the many nerds, dorks, gamers and "trading card enthusiasts", this Atomic Comics has a large-screen TV on which they play movies, usually obscure anime or the latest animated Marvel movie. 

This is becoming commonplace in comic & gaming stores and I tend to like it. However, like time travel and the music video, this originally good and beneficial idea is made belligerent and threatening to human goodness when placed in the wrong hands.

Imagine trying to search for Alan Moore's Top Ten or Grant Morrison's run of Doom Patrol while poorly dubbed anime and Kevin Smith movies are played at full blast, with a soundtrack provided by doughy keyboard jockeys arguing comic book logic.

"Okay, so Mjolinr can only be held by the righteous, right? But let's say it's laying on a chunk of Earth, and the Hulk lifts the chunk of earth up. Does the hammer just fall through? Does it stay on that patch of ground?"

My Satanic pact theory becomes more and more sound by the second, doesn't it?

The only reason that I spare Atomic Comics from my 1 Star of Fury is that I have always been able to find what I've been looking for. Unlike Samurai, which splits its inventory between two stores, and All About Crooks and Comics (yes, I said Crooks, not Books), who stopped giving a shit after all the other stores started springing up, Atomic Comics have an excellent selection in every shop.

Granted, you have to search meticulously through their "by title" system, unless you're looking for a crossover or whatever graphic novel's being made into a movie at the time, at which point it will have it's own display.

Perhaps worst of all, Atomic Comics is not local-friendly. 

Gasp.

AC refuses to carry any comic that bears advertisements for their competitors (mainly Samurai). This wouldn't be such a dick move if Mike at Samurai wasn't like the Bob Ross of comic store owners. 

I was told once this was a result of bad blood; most of the Samurai crew were once employees at Atomic, and somewhere the guys from AAB&C fit in there somewhere.

It was one, but split into many and became enemies.

Like if the Greek Empire was a bunch of comic book stores.

I'll admit I have no idea if my analogy has any factual basis. Professional rivalry aside, though, you shouldn't fuck an up and coming artist/writer just because they wanted to show their gratitude to the local scene for helping them out. 

Personal tastes aside, Atomic Comics does have a really good selection of comics, manga, and all that useless memorabilia shit that you buy, put on a shelf, and never look at again.

I will say this though; they have the coolest fucking merch bags evar.

In fact, they're too cool.

I bought the Kingdom Come trade a day before leaving for a flight to Texas. I'm really picky about taking things out of their packaging too early, so I just stuffed the book, still in its bio-hazard design bag, in my suitcase.

The next day, on my way out toTexas, I was chosen for a surprise inspection.

The TSA employee saw the biohazard bag and nearly tased the ever-loving shit out of me.

Whenever I pass an Atomic Comics, I think of being accosted by airport security. And whether or not Hulk could in fact lift a patch of earth carrying Mjolnir.

Your results may vary.
I don't get the popularity of this place.  It's always packed & I've yet to find something that I think is great.  Everything I've tried is just ok, certainly doesn't warrant the lines or the wait.  There's a place like this in every city I've lived in, super popular & I can never figure out why.  I will keep trying it occasionally, as it's close & I love Mexican food, so I'm trying to find something to love about this place.  Sounds like I need to try the margarita.
I love my frozen yogurt and I saw a Groupon deal for this place.  This is my personal preference -- but I don't like when you have the attendant walk around and give you samples from their hands.  I would much prefer picking up a few cups and trying out the flavors.  1.) I feel pressure to pick the first flavor I try instead of having the attendant wait on me. 2.) I don't feel like it is very hygienic.  She isn't wearing gloves!  She is also the one who checks you out a few minutes later at the cash register.  

So due to my first predicament, I hastely picked flavors for my husband (who was home sick) and I.  When I got home, I realized I hated mine.  I got tart (which is my favorite flavor normally) and orange.  Orange was nice - but only for the first bite.  My husband hated his two flavors: Egg Nog and Oatmeal Cookie. I tried them. They were pretty bland with a funny after taste.  

I will not go back.
Food was great but the owner was very rude to her staff and that was off putting from the start.  They forgot my daughters bagel so I had to wait in line, order was screwd up again so I had to wait in line again to have it fixed.  I then waited in line for five minutes just for a refill of water so I don't think we will be coming back.
Love this casino! The center bar area is awesome! The bar is sunken and is very trendy. Haven't had the pleasure of eating at the steakhouse yet....they're reservations fill crazy fast! Was there at 5:30 & the first available reservation wasn't until 8pm. Book the hotel early too. I tried to book it 2 weeks in advance & they have been full.
We usually shop here to get those harder to find import food items, but they also have a variety of other fun items, stationary, hats, furniture, etc.
Fantastic  Sliders!!  Give this girl some sliders and chili fries and all is right with the world. This is quick food done right!
I used to go to Goodwill all the time to look for Board Games (I am a collector) and I thought that a brand-new Goodwill would be a good place to look.

And, well, I was really disappointed. What I found were games thrown together with toys haphazardly on top of clothing racks. It was reminiscent of what I might see at an older location where the employees no longer care that uncontrolled brat children have torn into everything and destroy the toy aisle while mommy shops.

On top of that, what happened to the prices? I used to be able to go to Goodwill and get a laundry basket for two bucks tops, but when I found one at this location it was marked $9.99. I could buy a new one for less! This is just one example of many things I found horribly mispriced. I know the second-hand thing has become trendy as of late, but whoever is handling the pricing over there has clearly lost their mind.

I prefer Savers now.
I managed to go years without going back to this overpriced joke of a bar, but as they say, time heals all wounds.

One trip back, though, and you can bet your ass it's the last. A mediocre burger, an adolescent grilled cheese (with American cheese, on white bread, with crusts cut off), a split side salad composed mostly of Iceberg lettuce, and a few drinks = $100+. Um.... NO.

The menu straight up sucks for vegetarians, despite the little "We can accommodate vegans, just ask!" blurb on the menu. I shudder to think what that might entail. Certainly, more Iceberg lettuce. 

I hate that the parking is mostly monopolized by the valet service. Pretentious and unnecessary.

The drinks were meh and the last one that came out wasn't even what I ordered. 

If you have fistfuls of cash and a desire to see and be seen, then by all means, go to the Vig. But if you're just average, neighborhood folk who want to sit outside, have some yummy chow and get your drink on for a reasonable sum... keep walkin'.
Wow. Absolutely a religious experience for any fans of Frank Lloyd Wright (Also, walking 3 hours there in the Arizona heat makes it feel like you're on a pilgrimage, and you can check out his spire at Scottsdale Rd and Frank Lloyd Wright Blvd on the way). I've seen many of his creations, and this was certainly one of if not the best. I was able to see it at sunset, which was beautiful of course, but I feel like I want to come back now so I can take more pictures during the day. The gift shop is really nice and has a huge selection to choose from. I would suggest stopping here if you like architecture, art, nature, American History, live within 100 miles or are just a big fan of the man himself. It's an amazing feeling being and sitting in the sames areas he spent so much of his productive late career, and looking around imagining the gatherings that he and his wife put on, the conversations that happened, and the incredible moments of creation that took place. I was saddened by all of the local people who I talked to who either didn't know what it was or had never been there, but hopefully at least one of them decides to check it out based on my recommendation and I can die happy.
Great local independantly owned local joint....GREAT food, super freindly staff....don't let the dated decor fool you, the food is 100% HOT and NOW....Get the wings Daytona style....and anything with the green chili pork, YUM!
The Buffalo D.O.P. with spicy pepperoni here is truly one of the finest pizza's I have ever eaten.  They get 5 stars on this alone.  Their pies cost more, because the ingredients cost more.  Wash it down with a cold brew, and you have the definition of what pizza and beer was meant to be.  The staff here really knows their menu and what to order, so ask for suggestions if you don't know.  When they try and sell you on the Buffalo motz, they areen't trying to make you spend more.  It actually tastes amazing.  Just get down there and try the pie I had.  You'll taste it and say foggetaboutit!
This place has one of the best pizzas in Phoneix! I have been here twice for takeout and once to eat in. They have a nice selection of draft beer and the food is really good. Staff was great also! I love to come here when I'm on this side of town and in the mood for pizza, it's definitely the best pizza in Laveen!
Dr Ash is very friendly and the office is very clean. My child was referred for a anesthesiologist and I never heard from the coordinator for that (I think located in their other office). They totally dropped the ball on that and I don't think I should have to keep calling for a status.
We ate at this place back in January but I haven't had a lot of time to write reviews. So I'm starting to review the places on my list.
We came here after trying the Raul Y Theresas on Litchfield. The decor in the restaurant really needs an update. I understand it's old and has been there a long time but it's kind of run down and needs a face lift.
We went with a sort of large group- my mom, stepdad, and sister were in town so we all went over there to check it out. I ordered shredded beef tacos because my sister had tried them at the Litchfield road location and they were great there. Mine were kind of overcooked on the outside and were not as good as the ones at the other Raul and Theresa's, so I was kind of bummed. 
My husband got the Chorizo Burro with egg and cheese. He had the same thing at the other location and liked it better the first time. He said it was overcooked at this location (Avondale). 
The waitress was nice but she kept calling everybody "baby" which was a little weird that she was saying it to my stepdad in front of my mother. Also we needed more drinks and I had to go get the waitress to order them because she was sitting down with her sisters chit chatting instead of checking on our table. The thing I liked about the restaurant was they brought some rice in a separate bowl for my baby without me even asking. That was nice.
Later on my stepdad got a very upset stomach and he thinks it was from whatever he ate. I am not sure what dinner he ate. 
I've had way better food. I don't know of any other decent Mexican places in Goodyear or Avondale. If you have any good suggestions please contact me.
It's Subway.. not much else I can say except that this one has a real asshole working the cash register.. the guy who made my sub was nice enough but stark contrast to the cashier jerk off. When I was 18 years old I loved working, seems like this kid not only hated his job but didn't care for any of its customers either. 

The stars are for the sandwich, spinach and the guy who made mine. Otherwise Ill probably only go to the one next to work, if I have to.
The Habit is our new, neighborhood burger joint.  They serve up a tasty enough burger... $7.05 for their single burger meal with cheese, after taxes.  It's good but nothing that stuck in my memory so much that I'd be rushing back.  I'd stop in but not make it an effort.  

The best thing here is the friendly staff and cool interior.  It'd be a good joint for a 4th or 5th date. haha

Might see ya there!
I go for the garden area, so that means I enter and exit the garden area. 
Now what I don't understand is their garden gates don't open until 8 a m, regardless of the season.   In the Spring and Summer months the seasonal  annuals and perennials out front are frequently dry, wilted or dying.  Isn't there some sort of job requirement like the most basic garden experience required?  Dried up, over watered plants, plants that have been grown in a greenhouse or a climate unlike ours are put in direct sun and fried to a crisp.  And these people are supposed to be a source of information when I have questions about a plant or planting something?!

Can you tell me why the overhead watering system is turned on when entry gates are opened.  Especially when the gates don't open until 8?

That folks is how most Home Depot garden centers seem to operate.
I took my two nephews here for dinner before heading back to Texas.  I ordered the Oolong Sea Bass, which was stellar, as always.  One of my nephews got it too, and loved it.

The lettuce wraps were very good; however, the portions seem to have shrunk, as there wasn't much filling on the plate.  

The service was very, very good.
Love movies...love popcorn...love Harkins Arrowhead Fountains 18!!!!!!!!!
Great dining experience!

Love the teppanyaki....

Had the kobe filet with rice. 
Also had the rock lobster..

both were superb!!  

The chef made the entire night a memorable one.... The desserts were amazing... Try the fried bananas sundae!!!
Wow!  What a great experience.  We had this adorable english waitress named Jane (pronounced like Forrest Gump saying Jenny) which only added to the delight of a most enjoyable Saturday evening.  She recommended the chochinita tacos (10x more delicious sounding when spoken by a Brit) which were AMAZING!  This place obviously cares about using the freshest ingredients, producing savory salsas and the best Guacamole I have ever had. With  its eclectic environment, remarkable food and a charming staff like Jane this is a must visit in Phoenix.
Tried this place today and it was good. I had strips and fries. The dippng sauce was pretty good also. I will eat here again.
Sometimes it's just the simpler things in life which stand out, and when I can enjoy a delicious lunch for under $5, I'm a happy girl :)  I LOVE this hamburger, and I generally don't eat red meat 99% of the time.  For I&O Burger, I am forced to make an exception with zero regret.  I recently read that some of the countries top chefs were polled as to their favorite fast food pick.  I&O Burger won hands down.

A single burger without cheese, grilled onions, substitute mustard for special sauce.....pure heaven!  And, this location has a nicely landscaped drive-thru...not sure why I noticed, but it was a pleasant wait for a perfectly prepared burger and fabulous fries.
I would have given Eddie V's 5 stars, however I made reservations weeks in advance and somehow still had to wait for 30 minutes to get a table. 

Now that the complaining is over:

The food is excellent. My boyfriend and I were visiting Phoenix for a holiday getaway and I spent a pretty hefty amount of time looking for a fine dining restaurant to splurge at. I landed on Eddie V's and made a reservation on OpenTable for 8pm on a Saturday. When we showed up, the crowd was a little older than we thought it would be, but we were seated in a nice booth overlooking the dining room and with views into the lounge, where there was a love band playing. Very nice. Our server, Eduardo, was fast, attentive and overall a top notch guy. 
We ordered the batter fried oysters appetizer, which were good but a little heavy on the curry spice that was in the sauce. Nice, though.
For main courses (we skipped second courses because we weren't all that hungry), I ordered the 8oz filet mignon and broiled lobster tail. My boyfriend ordered the Chilean sea bass. Both were exceptional. My filet came out cooked perfectly (I ordered it medium) and the lobster was succulent and sweet. The Chilean sea bass, cooked "Hong Kong style" which meant steamed and served in a flavorful broth on a bed of spinach and under a bamboo basket, was moist and delicious. 
We ordered the sautéed spinach on the side- we ordered a small but were given a large. It was good, with big shavings of Parmesan and roasted garlic. 
For dessert, we ordered the bananas foster cake on the recommendation of several fellow yelpers and we were NOT disappointed. Eduardo came out and lit a gravy boat full of liqueur on fire and poured it onto the bananas atop the cake. What a show, and DAMN what a good dessert. Buttery cake, sweet caramelized bananas and out of this world butter pecan ice cream. I wish I could have finished it but we were both too stuffed to carry on. 

We got out for under $200 after tip, and I felt  the service and the quality of the food we were served was well worth the money. 

All in all, a classy and awesome dining experience. I will definitely return for that banana cake if I find myself in AZ again.
First of all, let me say, my wife and I love this place.  It's our local go-to spot for breakfast or brunch.  However, if you go anytime before 11am, expect to wait a solid 15 minutes or so for a table.  They're busy, because they're popular, but they also staff the restaurant well, so the wait isn't as long as it could be if it weren't staffed as well.  The servers aren't overly friendly or conversational, but I think that goes back to the fact that they are so busy in the mornings.  I give them a pass because the food and prices are so legit.

Without fail, my wife and I always order the Protein Pancakes with a side of eggs.  We don't typically get into ruts like that, because we like to try new things, but you CAN'T beat these pancakes!  Try them.  You're welcome.
I wasn't totally impressed by this place. Among the other restaurants in Heritage Square, it wasn't lively in comparison. We went anyway. Right off the bat I felt our server seemed pretentious. Everyone was nice, just ever so slightly hipster-ish. We got to sit in the lounge area which seemed very private, sexy and cozy - oh, except that's where all the wait staff walks in and out with every single order. Not so cozy after all.

We started out with the fried octopus. The sauce it came with was delicious, but the dish itself was way too breaded. I could barely taste the octopus. Next we had the crab sandwich. Pretty good, but not outstanding. Lastly, we had the duck salad. That was on point! The duck was perfectly cooked. Overall, not bad. But pretty pricey for the portions. I don't mind small portions as I don't necessarily like leaving feeing like a stuffed piglet, but still. Simply not up to par for the price. Skip this and go to Rose & Crown next door.
Went to Taquitos today.  

The service was worse than their usual indifferent mediocrity.   Today they told me to wait while they spoke with a vendor rather than taking my order.   

Following that they did not even meet the minimum bar of getting my order right. It was nowhere close.

I have previously been to Taquitos and had decidely mediocre service but excellent food.

Unfortunately they could not even meet that standard this time.

Spend your money somewhere where it will be appreciated.
Food is only good after you have been drinking but good luck catching a buz when they charge four fifty per corona  apparently that is considered imported premium. Only good thing about this place is they leave the kitchen open until two A.M..
Hands down the very best gluten-free pizza I have ever had!!!!!

The very sweet and adorable young man who took our order was amazing! He was completely aware of their gluten free menu items and told me that the owner's son has a gluten allergy so they are extremely careful about possible cross contamination. I ordered the mega meat pizza with gluten-free crust and subbed out mushrooms for the gluten containing meatballs. The pizza was fantastic! My two non-gluten challenged dining partners gobbled up the GF pizza and loved it! They both said they would order it again.

The service is amazing! The prices are very reasonable! Barro's is made of win!
I don't have an account with Chase but I've made some deposits here for other accounts and everyone that works here is always so helpful and kind. 

I would consider opening a Chase account based on my experience at this location. 

Plus they have free cookies =)
Really nice place. Now that i think of it, i swear ive been here before, though the layout isnt too uncommon.

Really nice people and a fun crowd. Good list of songs. I ended up with a bunch of songs on my list for the night. Actually might be the longest of potential songs for a single evening.

Pours were a bit dry but not too bad.

KJ seemed like a really nice guy. A great karaoke experience.

This is not a place to come dressed up to. It is almost a biker bar but not quite...but close!
My boys love the stuffed crust Chicago pizza. .I love it because it feeds there friends 2..:)
After going to nearly 10 different wheel places, nobody could remove my tire. I came here and they were able to remove it with no problems. I will only be going here from now on because they truly know what they're doing and are not some cookie cutter tire place!
Stopped in for a quick lunch. Gyro pita wrap with Greek salad. Service was quick and friendly. Food was tasty and well made. 

As always, a good experience.
I wish the employees would tell you how much you have to go through to pay your Angel's credit card bill, before you actually get one! Once I pay mine off, I will not use it again. When you go there, you have to wait through the line just to pay a bill. Then, they can't even tell you how much you owe, so if you have a fee and don't know about it, that's not their problem. Then, you can't even pay with a debit card. Just cash or check only. Then, I tried paying online, but you can only pay online with a check. I tried paying online with a check, but it didn't go through for some reason, even though it was valid, so I had a $30.00 fee. Now I don't trust their website for my payments, so I drive to the mall just to pay my bill.
Man, I feel kind of disgusting.  I just ate at Philadelphia Sandwich Co. and there's so much grease and fat inside of me that it doesn't know where to go.  I think it's going to swim through my veins and form tiny little hands and squeeze my heart.

I ordered a Philly Cheesesteak (what else would I get to test the waters?).  I was really hungry, so I ate the whole thing.  I got it to go and ate it at work.  About two bites in, I was like, "Uhhhh... dammit.  I have nothing else to eat."  I did check the fridge really quick to see if I would get lucky and see a leftover of mine in there.  But, no.

I ate the whole damn thing and I didn't want to.  The meat tasted, like, I don't know.  Gross?  Can something taste like gross?  

The fries were okay.  They were all soggy but they tasted okay.  I'm pretty easy to please when it comes to fries.  I even enjoy those fries that look like fried shoelaces. 

Overall, I mean, it's not the worst food I've ever had and the service was as good as could possibly be expected.  I ordered, shot the shit, got my food and ducked out.  Easy as that.

I feel like I'm missing something.  I feel like I'm being sacreligious and pissing on a grave for only giving this place 2 stars.  Everyone loves this place, it seems, with the exception of two or three.  Perhaps the missing ingredient was intoxication.  I was stonecold sober.  One day I'll eat there shit faced and see if I feel the same way... I probably will.  When I drink, I eat light.  Greasy shit puts me to bed.
Lot of food!!  

Chicken potpie was great.  Most food is of the "comfort" style.-

Nice staff, friendly, attentive and knowledgeable.

You feel like you're in a log cabin when here.  I could have used some more refrigeration, a/c, when i was there, but it was one of the hottest days of summer.

Save room for dessert!!!!  Their take on cheesecake is awesome.  In fact, I could use a slice now.
The food is consistently good, the portions are large and staff are always friendly. The Spicy Chicken and Kung Pow are some of my favorites. I typically prefer hole-in-the-wall Asian spots but this is a safe bet.
During my time living in Maryland I've seen a good deal of Sonic commercials on the tele.  Being that I have never seen a Sonic, I was perplexed by these commercials.  So, using the power of the internets I discovered that there weren't any Sonics in the state of Maryland.

When I moved to my new home of San Diego, I was confronted by the Sonic commercials yet again.  I internet-searched again and found the nearest Sonic was about 2 hours away.  My perplexion flexed into downright dismay.  Commercials are expensive endeavors--so why would a company essentially throw their money away by advertising whereever they are not located?

One night, my friend Jen picked me up at the Phoenix Airport for a nice hangout weekend.  We were both really hungry and deciding where to nosh.  When out of the corner of my right eye i spy a garish forty-one hundred kelvin fluorescent beacon in the night.  I thought it was some sort of carwash or super-sized gasstation at first glance.  Jen explained that was a Sonic.  "What the fvck's a Sonic?" I replied.  To this point I have never seen a Soinic before in the flesh or in the disgusting eyesore of a prefab materials and light, as it were.  So it was decided right then and there that we would eat this Sonic.

Now, I know I cannot speak for all the distant Sonics in parts of the world a young hooligan such as myself has never been to, but to this, my virgin Sonicage, I can.

There is a huge slab of concrete which seemed way too large for the size of the building.  On this slab was lots of parking spots under a handfull of overhangs shining enough fluorescent light to make a operating room mildly jealous. Beside each of the parking spots was a lit-up menu with fast-food type stuffs, drinks, slushies, smoothies, ice cream sundaes, banana splits, etc.  As if this wasn't enough, they also have a drive-thru.  Again my perplexion returned.

The awful shine of it all, the harshness on weary eyes... It is a monument to decadence to the point of bloatation and bloatiosity.

While we were deciding what we wanted a Mexican family rolled up beside us with a roller-skated jalopy and young children in the back.  They ordered and pulled away blasting some thuggish gangsta rap as their trunk buzzed with whorish flapping sheetmetal not sealed or sealed or sealed.

Jen ordered blackberry iced tea and some fried mac n' cheese bites, I, the tater-tots with cheese and a cranberry limeade. We pulled away blasting while our thuggish gangsta rap as our trunk rattled and flapped whoreishly--waves dissipating into the must of chaparral, waves lifting into the witheringchaped desert night.

Got home and ate in normal lighting--Lighting that didn't make one's flesh crawl rutty-riddled with hungover insomniacian interrogation prior to a privilege afforded to be actually hungover.

The drinks were surprisingly not overly sweet and made with lots of that pellet style-ice that we so heart in drinks like these.  The iced tea was quality and the crisp tartness of my cranberry limeade (with actual half of a real lime floating in it) was perfectly refreshing.  The mac n' cheese thingees tasted like a crispy fried stouffers mac n' cheese.  Sadly, these are a limited time only option. As for my tater-tots with cheese, eh, not so good.  They were just bland cafeteria-style tots with a slice of American cheese thrown ontop--A wrinkly transparent orangish shellac coalescing my tots into a gelatinous choir.

...and that was and is how I met a Sonic.
While I was totally blown away by how perfectly crispy, spicy, fresh and amazing their wings were, it's one of those places where if you're not a regular they all sort of look at you like you don't belong, which is sort of off putting. 

It's tiny, it's not a good place if you really want to sit down and eat and it kinda sucks having to work your way through the crowds to order food and, again, I feel like if they don't know you they don't pay as much attention to you.  Like, when you walk in they all look at you like maybe you have AIDS (and maybe you do man but so what).

I've only been here once so maybe it's odd to write a review BUT man, the wings, seriously, top notch some of the best I've had in the valley.  Great flavor, cooked really god damn well and served perfectly crispy.  I would come back strictly for the wings despite my overall discomfort there.  But then, I'm on anti-anxiety meds and hate crowds so I'm probably mostly just retarded.
Qcumber is a lot like when a relative dies and you have to sort through all of their stuff for what you would like to keep only without the grief of the death.

They are full, full, full of great dusty old things. There are amazing finds to be had here. 

I have a thing for old cameras and have bought a couple here, I have a few retro chairs that I have bought. They always have amazing olf furniture of every style.

My favorite part about Qcumber is the old window panes, doors and iron pieces. This is the kind of place that you see people on the DIY network visiting and wonder why you don't have one near.  Good News! You do!

Look past the dust and appreciate the treasures to be found.
The pizza had no flavor would rather of had frozen a pizza. We also had fried mozzarella sticks and Fried Zucchini when they came out they were burnt.
A fun stop at the mall to while away the time.  I love the colorful Kuhn Rikon Swiss paring knives I've purchased from the former SLT location next to the bookstore across Scottsdale Fashion Square.  They now come in lovely prints, as well!  I also like the silicone-covered cooking thongs-- nice grip, handy locks, and Teflon-friendly.  A dull-red variety is on sale right now, two sizes.  I misunderstood and thought all of the varieties were on sale-- nope.    

My visit yesterday wasn't as pleasant as previous ones.  While there weren't more than seven or eight customers walking around in here, the two employees that met my gaze seemed like they weren't very happy.  Perhaps the two teenagers/young adults taking photos of the goods made them wary of suspicious behavior?  Ah, well.  It won't keep me from coming back again to see what's fun and on sale!
I regrettably  took my little one to Sonoma for lunch. Their advertising suggests the use of fresh ingredients, but much to my and my kid's dismay, this was not the case. We ordered the penne alfredo off the kid's menu and it was not edible. There was so much garlic powder in the sauce that you could not taste anything else and it burned our mouths. I love garlic, but this was terrible. Needless to say, once we got our food, the waiter ignored us, despite the fact that the restaurant was empty at the time. When I finally got his attention, asked for the check and mentioned the problem, there were no apologies, just, "Yeah I can smell the garlic." I was charged for the uneaten meal. 
BTW, since when is garlic powder a fresh ingredient?
I'd go back just for the Sunday brunch Mimosa bar! 
You get your glass of champagne & then head to a little area set up by the bar. On one side you have the Mimosa section & on the other the Bloody Mary section. 
I loved selecting the type of juice combinations & the fruit to drop in. I'm easy to please, lol! 

The food was just ok. I got the GREEN CHILE BARBACOA ENCHILADAS . The taste was pretty bland & the beef a bit tough. I was expecting Mexican food taste, but this is definitely more TexMex, which is totally different. Next time I'll try something else. 

This location is right off of Mill. Street parking is hard to snag, but there is a public parking garage less than a block away on 6th.
I was taken aback by how good I thought this place was.

The server was SUPER nice and friendly.
The food was DEEEEEEEELISH

I *loved* all the different bbq sauces right there on the table.  Seriously, it was my favorite part.  Because I love sauce.  Lots of different kinds of sauces.  All over my tender meats.  Delicious.

The best part... how flippin' cheap it was!  We went during lunch time (which is 7 days a week), and I think my two meat meal with a side item and cornbread was like $7.99?

AWESOME!
I'll return I'm sure.
I got some take-out from here the other night in spite of the objections of my roommate.  Dude, am I glad I didn't listen to that idiot.  (She's never even eaten here before, but thought it looked dodgey from the outside).  I got the chicken gyro pita with an extra side of tzatsiki.  The staff was pleasant and super quick. I've spent more time waiting at the McDonald's drive-thru; I was probably in and out of there in 5-7 minutes.  The food was tasty - pita appeared fresh out of the oven (I don't know if it actually was), chicken was juicy & flavorful, and veggies were fresh.  Their pitas/sandwiches come with a side salad that constists of pretty much just shredded lettuce and dressing, but I won't knock it since I ate all of it.   I wish their portions were a little bigger for what I paid, but all in all, a good experience.  I'll probably be back next time I'm craving Mediterranean food in a hurry, because it definitinely hit the spot.
I figured I should write this while I'm still full of Pho. My husband and I are able to meet here for lunch, as it's in between our two work locations. Noodles Ranch is simply the best lunch compromise ever. The service is friendly, spot-on and I've never been disappointed with the food. Quite the opposite, I'm ecstatic over it. Even while I'm sitting here full, I'm thinking of the leftover Pho I'm going to have for dinner tonight. Delicious!
Nice Chicago guy (Tony) owns the place and seems to run it right.  Drink and food specials are wonderful and now that Tony got the proper ovens, the deep dish is very, very good.  As close to Chicago style as I've found since I got here.  

I'm a fan...the games are great if you are into video stuff and the staff seems real friendly.
As a lover of all Asian food I was so looking forward to a great meal. I am yet to be disappointed by any Groupon that I bought, but boy was I not expecting such a disappointment

First off, I'll give SMPP props for the nice decor (hence the 1 star) but thats about all i have positive to say

The hostess had no idea if it was still lunch hour and neither did the server (isn't that their job?). 

The waitress openly admitted she had not tried most of the food and had trouble recommending any dishes (note to servers...lie to your patrons that you think something is good and make a recommendation!) Not sure if she was new but she was terrible. 

Onto the food....
-the potstickers where nothing to write home about...you only get 4 and for the price it was not worth it
-the mongolian beef tasted like donkey...I hate to say it but Panda Express is a 5 star restaurant compared to this shit
-the peking pub burger was ok...but really if a burger is the best thing you can make at a chinese restaurant ...convert yourself to a burger joint
-the best part to me was hearing a microwave beep and seeing the serving go grab our brown rice out of it! I could tell it was right from trader joes.

Bottom line, what a HUGE WASTE OF MONEY AND CALORIES!
I've recently started visiting Lush again over the past two, three weeks once-a-week to see what new bath bomb I can try after my weekly deep-tissue massages.  The first bath bomb I tried was called Geo Phyzz (Hawaiian seasalt, sandalwood, cypress, and pine), but I wasn't too impressed with the small bath globe.  My apartment's bathroom features a Roman tub, which allows for a deeper bath, but I rarely fill it past the tops of my quads.  (TMI?  Sorry!)  Anyhoo, the Geo Phyzz didn't alter the bathwater much, as far as I could tell.  Not much scent, color, or even fizzing!  My muscles didn't feel refreshed immediately-after, nor the next day.  Perhaps due to its smaller size, I need to use two bath bombs, but Lush's bath bombs aren't inexpensive.  Heck!  Nothing at Lush runs cheap!  Just as the store's name implies, Lush is all about pure bath and beauty indulgence!  I think the Geo Phyzz cost just under $5, which I thought was a complete waste of money and not worth a second chance.  (Not from me, anyway.)

The second time I went, I chose the Big Blue, which was considerably bigger than the Geo Phyzz and consisted of sodium bicarbonate, two varieties of seaweed, including Arame, both fine and course sea salts, lemon, and lavender oils, and other ingredients** (cleansing and coloring components).  It cost just under $7 and was definitely a winner!  Loved the tropical fragrances that scented the bathwater, my skin, AND the bathroom!  My muscles thanked me for the indulgence, and I believe I even slept in a little longer, too!  :)  

Have yet to try the Twilight Ballistic ($6.25; lavender, tonka absolute, ylang-ylang), which I purchased the same day as the Geo Phyzz.  It smells HEAVENLY and, for me, a touch of sweetness.  Mmm... I can't wait!  ;)

**Very much appreciate how the products come with ingredients' lists on their shelves.  My allergies don't just affect my eating patterns, but also dictate what products I apply on my skin, scalp, and clothing.  Once in awhile, I'll find a product that is missing the ingredient info, so I just skip over to the next product that catches my eye, or, perhaps more appropriately, my olfactory nerves!  If you do wish to find out more info, the super-bubbly (no pun intended!) associates here are always willing to help!
Did a terrific job with our catering order for a birthday party. We ordered chicken and kofte kebabs, with salad and rice. Everything was delicious, and we would definitely use them again.
I was startled awake one morning with the thought " My family needs and *wants* bicycles". So I packed up the kids and wife and off we went in search of bicycles. This turned out to be quite an adventure, similar to a midlife crises. 
I used to commute to work on a bicycle, about 30 years ago. Wow have things changed!! There used to be only 3 kinds of bikes back then, I am glad that things have advanced. The selection now days is great. I had quite the sticker shock though. Back in the day 150.00 bought a Campy 10spd. I know that is what I rode to work. Now days it will only by you a piece of beef, like a standing rib roast. 
We started at the closest place to our house. I was under the impression that we were targets, about to get ripped off. My look at the price tags!! We did spend about 1 hour there. Not much customer service there. We got very short answers to any questions we asked. My wife and I both felt that we where brushed off. Even though we were about to by two bikes and a trailer, with all the accessories. I now knew this was going to take more than one day. So we went back home and talked about this. We decided that we were going to put bicycling back in to our family life. 
The next morning we went to the bike barn. Not much help there, We had a hard time just getting some one to look our way. I will say that the prices where less by about 50.00 for the exact same brands and models than the first place we went to. Then we went to Tempe to look there. The help was quite a bit more help full and the prices where a lot cheaper. About 100.00 less than the first place we went to, for the same models. At that point we had spent about 5 hours combined, between looking and travel. We decided to give it one more try in the morning. That day we went to Ehrhardt's Schwinn. right away we saw that the prices where lower for the same brands and models that every one else had. We were quickly greeted when we came in. We did browse for a few minuets, just to verify what I noticed when we first walked in. Their prices really are less, not just on a few models. 
I did let some one know that I had a few questions. He readily dropped what he was doing and come over to help. I wanted to find out what the difference was between two different models. He got them out, fully explained the difference and had me road test both of them. Then he did the same for my wife. While the other employee kept my two year old entertained with bells and horns. After looking at 4 bikes we found that we could actually upgrade a model. Their prices made a better bike more affordable. We ended up buying two bikes a trailer for two kids and all the accessories (locks, racks, water bottles, ect...). 
What it boils down to: The place with the fairest price, a good selection, courteous and knowledgeable help got the big sale!!! 
Thank You Everybody at Ehrhardt's. 
Since then we have been on many a ride and having a great time, Out of the car. We even ride our bikes out for lunch or dinner. The kids love it, maybe you have seen us at one of the parks around town.
The food here is phenomenal. That is the real draw. They really take great care in selecting the best ingredients and preparing it right. 

However, it IS expensive. It might be cheap by old town Scottsdale standards, but still expect to pay $20-40 per entree and $12 per cocktail.

The food is worth every penny though.
If anyone claims to come here for the food or coffee they're outright liars. It's all about atmosphere with this place. I've been coming here for a few years and it's a few blocks from my house and I definitely enjoy the calm vibe this place sets.

Despite what I said earlier, I'm really not knocking the food or coffee at this place. It's pretty good, but overpriced. In essence, you're paying more for the atmosphere of the place, so it makes sense. It's nice to find a place like this in Phoenix because I'd totally expect a coffeebar as such to be in Silverlake or Manhattan. Lux is a great place to read, share conversation, or just enjoy a hot cup of whatever. That being said, I'm not a die-hard fan of this place like some, but I enjoy stopping by every now and then.

Chances are if you're going to Lux you're one of two people: someone whose friend brought them along, or you want to look cool by going to a hip coffee shop. I've been reading alot of the negative reviews of this place and I don't see how those reviewers didn't know what they were getting in to. Just admit that you busted out your American Apparrel shirt and brought your copy of Wallpaper magazine to read while you sip your chai. It's alright, everyone does it there.
ben and cory RooL. their brand spankin new shop is amazing. go visit and buy stuff. they have guys and gals vintage stuff. and two change rooms so try on to your heart's content!
The owners have the food down for sure.  They own a restaurant in San Francisco and make Thai that mirrors true Thai cuisine.  Service was slow but I think they were just understaffed that night.
YUM!  The sushi at Sushi Room is super delicious!  It is definitely unique and has a more tropical feel to it.  Our waitress was awesome and super friendly.  She recommended the best rolls so when in doubt just ask.  Everything we ate was amazing!
The ambiance here is causal but trendy.  The porch is comfy and the decor inside is gorgeous and includes a beautiful fish tank!  
I definitely recommend coming here for the happy hour specials, chowing on some awesome sushi, and zenning out watching the fish tank or sipping a drink on the patio!
Praying Monk has great food and is a really nice change from all of the other Scottsdale restaurants. A friend took me here and when trying to explain what to expect, he deemed it a casual restaurant with culinary bar food. I was intrigued. 

We started with the "F" this PB & J, and I definitely recommend it!  It's the perfect combination between sweet and savory, with three simple ingredients served in a mini mason jar, peanut butter, jelly, and Foie gras. Yes! 

Next, I had the Chicken Sandwich and he had the Cuban Sandwich; both were flipping amazing! My chicken sandwich had a nice zip to it, and his cuban sandwich was just perfectly done. 

I loved it! Go eat there!
A sign of a good restaurant is that I'll become a repeat customer.  True food is a breath of fresh air.  It is healthy and extremely good food.  So far, my favorites are the mushroom ravioli and the curry rice dish.  The portions were perfect and the service was good, but not great.
I tried the chicken katsu and my husband had the chicken teriyaki. Both were good. The California rolls were good and so were the spring rolls. Its a smaller place that has good food but space is limited here. The only thing that I didn't like is the waitress did not check up after we ordered everything we were ordering. I had to flag someone down after getting our food. The service is friendly but if being a waitress is your job then ask me if  how my food is or if I need anything else! Not too much to ask.. Lol
I love Pizza.  I love Pasta.  I love these two foods more than any other food on earth.  Seriously.  You can imagine the first thoughts going through my head finding out that my two favorite foods I LOVE would be off limits.  Ugh............the travesty!  Oh, the injustice!

Then I began searching for places which carried GF pizza crust.  I knew it was out there.  It didn't sound very appetizing, but it's all I can have, so I searched for all the reviews.  I read and researched every one I could find.  I was pretty sure that out of all of the competition one stood head and shoulders above the rest.

Was I right?  Well, I won't know for a while due to the fact that it's the first GF Pizza I've tried.  I seriously doubt that any other GF Pizza will ever top it though.  Oh, yeah it is THAT GOOD!  Quite honestly, it's one of the better Pizza's I've ever had!  GF or NOT.

Where is this place?  Picazzo's Organic Italian Kitchen: Tempe, AZ.  They have six Arizona locations but this one was inviting, clean (bathrooms spotless), service spectacular and food was delectable.  This place understands GF issues and you feel perfectly fine ordering from them.  They have separate ovens and preparation areas for all GF foods, and so many eating options for the entire family, GF or not.

We started with the GF Organic Garlic Cheese Bread.  Such a great start!  It is served with Olive Oil with a few very tasty olives in it.  It could have been a little more "garlicky" for me but it was still extremely good.  Light and airy with a terrific amount of Cheese on it.  It didn't last long on anyone's plate.

I had the Diavalo Specialty Gourmet Pizza.  The GF comes only in Medium size.  The crust is quit thin but very tasty.  It consists of an Organic tomato sauce, with mozzarella, pepperoni, red and yellow bell peppers, caramelized onions, andouille sausage and red pepper flakes (I did LESS Diavolo and omitted the red pepper flakes!)  The sausage still had a little kick to it but not overpowering.  Divine; pure and simple.

The Hubs had the Pepperoni, Sausage and Ricotta on Picazzo's Original Crust (not GF) and was extremely happy with his choice.  The Mother in Law ordered a Half order Natural Chopped Italian Salad Which had so much meat in it she was shocked!  Pepperoni, smoked ham, and salami.  It also lettuce,  garbanzo beans, organic tomatoes, a significant amount of fresh mozarella, black olives, pepperoncini, Parmesan, GF croutons and Italian Dressing.  Completely GF, huge for a half order and looked amazingly fresh! The child was quite happy with a small cheese pizza!

We then finished the meal with a few desserts.  Yes, GF too! I brought most of mine home.  A skillet Brownie.  It's about 6 inches around with non dairy organic ice cream and organic chocolate sauce!  Joy and Bliss rolled into one! 

This will be a "Go To" place for sure.  Probably only for The Hubs and me, due to the pricing, but what a date night!  I can have Pizza!  It's a little "Pizza Heaven on Earth!"
Best house margarita in Phoenix. 

Their ingredients are standard, but something makes them tangy and I can't figure it out to duplicate at home. Keeps me coming back I guess. 

We'd be back more if they offered better vegetarian selections...
I went here for lunch a few weeks back and think it's worth writing about. This place is more of a spring roll bar rather than a full Vietnamese restaurant which is great since the spring rolls are really good. The place is really tiny but my coworker and I managed to snag a table quickly despite the lunch hour. The challenge worth noting is the tiny parking lot which may cause some patrons a bit of a headache. Overall, a cute spot that I will probably go back to if that's where the coworkers want to lunch or if I'm in the area.
The Pizza & Wings Special is great, and good NY pizza-by-the-slice.
Dining at Tanzy solidified 2 litmus tests in my mind for determining if a restaurant is "nice" or mediocre (from perspective of someone who is dining savvy, defined as wouldn't eat at a chain restaurant): 1) a "nice" restaurant doesn't have tv's all over (with a sporting event), 2) if your steak is over-cooked and your new one arrives well after everyone at your table is already finished with their entree, they shouldn't charge you for it.

I laugh in hindsight realizing it was classified as an "Italian" restaurant: true it did have a pasta section on the large menu (reminiscent of cheesecake factory variety aiming to please all), and as my husband just suggested with a shrug "it did have mozzarella". 

It's an upscale sportsbar with a menu for all, with some expensive items to appeal to the kierland commons conference folk who want to get a "steak dinner" on company's dime.

If u consider yourself a "foodie" (for lack of better over-used term), I don't think you'll be satisfied here. In general, I've only found really good food at Old town in scottsdale, the rest of it has a chainy feel. Yet again, at Tanzy, you are dining at a mall.
Tried this for the first time today.  While my hubbies french toast was wonderful and the kiddos enjoyed their meal, my biscuits and gravy tasted much like bacon grease and flour.  Sending it back and trying something else is what I would have liked to do, but the server never returned to check on us until my family was finished with their meal.  The owner did apologize and asked us to give them a try again.  Maybe I will, if the staff gets some training.  Everyone seemed completely overwhelmed.  It's too bad~as I love going out for breakfast.
There aren't many places to eat Swedish food; I am delighted that Beaver Choice has chosen Tempe as their home.  We arrived at Beaver Choice before 6:30PM on a Friday night.  While waiting for our table, we decided to order our food first.  I had ordered the chicken cordon bleu schnitzel.   My friends had the Kottbullar (Swedish meatballs), pork schnitzel, and angus burger.  After sitting at our table for over an hour patiently waiting for our food, we noticed a large group came after us had all their food served.   We started to wonder when our food will come out.   The owner's son ensured us that it will be out soon.  After another 30 minutes had gone by, the owner came out to apologize that our ticket got stick in the back of the large group.  As a consolation we were offered the Quebec Poutine on the house.  We were starving by now.   The Quebac Poutine is french fries topped with cheese curds and hot beef gravy - so yummy.  We finished that quickly.  When the food finally arrived, my chicken cordon bleu schnitzel was big, very juicy, crispy, and all the sides were delicious.   The meatballs were savory and well-accompanied by mashed potatoes and lingonberry preserves.  This is no Ikea frozen meatballs!  Unfortunately, my friend's angus burger came out rare.  She had to send it back to the kitchen and wait again.   The owner was nice enough to put this on the house as well.  We were all so full, but just couldn't resist ordering some desserts to take home.  We ordered almost one of each item from the dessert counter from Beaver Supreme, butter cookies, beaver balls (it's not what you think.), and cream puffs.   Although, it wasn't the best first time experience, overall the food was fantastic and affordable.  Europeans know what a proper portion size is!
My new favorite sports bar.  I've heard about RT's but never came.  Finally, my visit here is well received.  

Came after a fight night, but apparently they show the fight here too.  Plus, all the NFL games.  Service was not at it's best, but maybe because we sat in the patio.  The place definitely had the Irish sports bar feel and look.  The men's restroom was interesting, but let me tell you about the women's restroom.  I was invited in because my gal pal said I had too see this.  Needless to say there's a huge Troll looking back at you in the mirror -- totally awesome, but spooky.  

Why do I like this joint?  Dancing drunk old man and the drinks are cheap.  Take a shot of whiskey to warm yourself in the patio and enjoy your company. - Enjoy!
I was always nervous about getting a spray tan- but heard great things about Cassandra...so I decided to give her a try for an upcoming family wedding. She exceeded my expectations!! I felt so comfortable with her, and we became immediate friends! She is such a professional with great products! 
My tan looks flawless! She took her time and made sure it was perfect. I appreciated the extra attention to the details to make sure the tan was even. 
I recommend her to anyone!! Go see Cassandra, tell her Amber sent you!!
This place is so 'ME' I adore it!  The decor is very modern-hipster, very airy, sleek furnishings, great design!  We slid into a semi communal booth which was very comfy.  Started out with some $5 Happy hour cocktails...Sparkling meyer lemonade was delish. Just the right amount of alcohol, not too sweet , not too sour, and incredibly refreshing!

Split up the caprese salad as an appetizer which was good, I liked the figs on it, nice and fresh, but I've had better mozzarella elsewhere.

The french onion burger is out of this world!  It has a slight char on the meat, it's not a messy wet/overly juicy burger like some of the burger restaurants are doing nowadays. It has perfectly cooked crispy bacon and delicately fried onions on top of a very good bun. It is HUGE and it comes on this wooden board with a big cup of paper lined fries that are equally as delicious. We all had to get boxes.  

The staff is very relaxed and courteous as well.

I can't wait to come back for dinner!
House of Tricks, hidden in the campus area of ASU is a gem. We celebrated our Anniversary dinner there and it was fantastic. We had outdoor seating, which was beautiful, breeze was cool so they turned on a heat lamp at our request. Michael our waiter Immediately greeted us with a "Happy Aniversary". The only disappointment was that they ran out of the Bison Tartare that I wanted to try. We started off with cocktail, then moved onto appetizers of: Mongolian Barbecue Shrimp with Pink Peppercorn Lemongrass Grits and Kimchee which was excellent, the shrimp grilled to perfection. Smoked Korean Style Baby Back Ribs with Spicy Red Chile Paste and Barely Pickled Cucumber Salad which were excellent, but not recommended for a first day food, the ribs were a little messy to eat, but delicious. The cucumber salad to this appetizer was boring though. Entrees: Tender Belly Pork Porterhouse with Chorizo Manchego Cheese Gratin, Sautéed Kale and Black Mission Fig Saba, again excellent. Housemade Rag Pasta with Veal Breast Bolognese, Pine Nut Toasted Fennel, Goat Cheese and Golden Raisin Gastrique, excellent though very rich. We ended our meal with a Coffee Creme Brulee that they put a candle in and also gave us a complementary 2 glasses of champagne.

This restaurant caters to all with an occasion to celebrate. I noticed a lot of couples, family, friends get togethers, not many children, but the few I did observe were extremely well behaved. I would definitely recommend and revisit again.
It was a dinner party for my nephew and we had a table for ten on a Saturday night.  We arrived early and were quickly shown to our table that was pre-set and ready for us.  Kudos for smart service.  We sat and perused the quirky beer selection and eventually settled on a couple of Ales from Odell Brewing.  The rest of our party filtered in shortly thereafter.  Our server, Steve, looking very hipster, much like the crowd here, was gracious and attentive, without hovering.  He read our group well, a bunch that has trouble deciding what to order and has to discuss the details of every menu option.  Sometimes I just have another beer and wait it out.  Steve was cool about it, letting us make up our minds.

Eventually, we all settled on something, and we had a pretty good spread from the menu.  Two orders of the barbecue vegetarian thing, one order of Shank, a couple of burgers, a Nancy, the pork shoulder tostadas, and I had a special for that evening.  I dunno, maybe it's a special every evening, but it was not on the menu at any rate.  Somebody also order a couple of tots, which are really croquettes, but I'm not one to dicker.  This night, they were "teriyaki" chunks of ham and pineapple blended into the mash, breaded and deep-fried, then served with a teriyaki sauce.

Everybody seemed to enjoy their meal immensely, and like a big family, we shared tasty bites, so everybody got to sample a little of something.  Oh yeah, my "special" for that evening.  Steve described it fairly perfectly, a savory half-pound of house ground pork burger seasoned, grilled and served on a brioche bun with several slices of bacon.  Hog Heaven is what I would call it.  Even though he described it as "very moist", I thought it was a bit on the dry side.  The aioli sauce that I ordered on the side and asked for twice, never came, but I'm sure that would have helped it.  You have an option of several sides, I chose the "dump truck" salad, a mix of finely chopped vegetables and lettuce, with a delicious vinaigrette dressing.  the burger was quite tasty, with a savory-smoky flavor that was assertive but not overpowering.  My daughter, having the tostadas, scraped off the kimchi and scarfed the rest, declaring it delicious.  My wife had the "Nancy" sandwich and enjoyed it, sharing with her sister who ordered the BBQ veggies.  She wasn't so fond of the veggie dish, saying bbq sauce kind of overpowered the veggies.  The rest of the stuff was down at the other end of the table, so I did not get to try any, but it was clear everybody enjoyed their meal.  

Would I go back?  you betcha!
Love this cute boutique of stylish & sassy clothes, jewelry, wall decor and more. This is a sure place to do some great shopping for yourself or for gifts. All women's attire and such. Staff is great and informative. Go with time so you can really take in all that's there. Tell your friends, cuz you would never know it's there; kinda hidden. (There is another location in the shopping center off 101 and 67th with Restaurant North and Pei Wei).
Mmm Mmm, love Pappadeaux! Such great cajun/creole style food in a really fun environment. You must try the fondeaux and lobster bisque - my favorites! Always super crowded, so I would def make a reservation.
Oregano's is a great place for affordable, tasty Italian food with a twist.  I started out with garlic cheese bread (3 words I cannot shy away from) - this was huge and insane!  Gooey cheesiness on garlicky buttery bread.  I had to stop myself from eating this with the pizza about to arrive.  Aunt Shirley's Gorgonzola Sausage Pan PIzza - an amazing combination of Chicago sausage crumbles, pepperoncinis, and gorgonzola cheese.  The pan crust was awesome.  I normally stay away from pan/Chicago-style crusts because I find them too buttery tasting, like you don't know if you're eating pizza or a dutch apple pie.  Oregano's pan crust was flaky, savory, and a perfect canvas for the toppings.

Service was friendly and on point.  Space inside is a little cramped, but tolerable.

I can't wait to try out Oregano's pasta dishes.
I cannot explain how much I love the food here, especially the Fungi pizza. to.die.for. They have a great happy hour menu from 3-6 and all day Sunday, which I appreciate.  The service is hit and miss.  If only they could be more consistent with the service, this place would knock it out of the park.
These guys do a great job on time. We use them constantly for our in house manufactured products and they are consistant in color and quality every time.
My husband used to go here for the Menudo on Sunday, he says it was as close to his Grandma's that he has had yet.

We no longer go here because of the health ratings that this place has had. They were almost shut down because it was so bad. Apparently the kitchen is very dirty and in need of a lot of repair. 

You can read the reports at http://www.maricopa.gov/envsvc/envwebapp/business_search.aspx?as_page_title=Food%20Establishments%20Search&as_type=Food
Waiting for a table at the Windsor I wandered over to Hard Goods. Wow. What an interesting collection of stuff.  First, I loved the Eames chair in the window. Wish I had saved my parents chair from my youth. But the unique concrete creations are the true star of this boutique. Great products. Great staff. Lucas is awesome. Phoenix's secret gem
Location is close to the ASU downtown campus, which gives it a couple stars right off the bat. 

Ordered the Pho Bo and Spring Rolls for around $11. 

Being from Seattle where Pho restaurants have made a mark within the market, I come with somewhat high standards. 

The noodles were good with a decent portion -- I usually order Pho with extra noodles since I'm kind of a big eater. In terms of taste, I'd give the Pho a 5-star rating. 

Spring rolls were lacking flavor. My peer thought she was getting egg rolls, which are fried...but that's her mistake. 

Like all Vietnamese restaurants, the atmosphere is bare and authentic with almost a high-pace feel during lunch. 

Good food, great location and portions, decent prices.

Pho is pronounced like "Fu."
This is my first review. I'm the type of person that likes to try something new almost every time I go out. I get bored easily, and I rarely want to go to the same restaurant. I have been to this place twice in 2 weeks! 
The menu is huge, I don't know what half of the stuff on there is but that is what google is for. I've tried at least 3 things now that I have never had before and they were all delicious. 
The chicken Handi is addictive, it's what I went back for. The servings are family style in my opinion, but it did not stop me from ordering 4 things! I had leftovers which tasted even better the next day. 
I'm a sucker for family owned restaurants, these meals are home cooked recipes to order so the wait is a little longer, but well worth it. If you just get off work and don't want to wait, they do take out. Order before you leave and it's ready to pick up...this is me planning my next visit.
I lunch here frequently. It's close to my office. G'n'D (as I call it) has a great menu. It's full of fatty, indulgent British fare. Their prices used to be rediculously low but recently they updated the menu to reflect inflation for the last 20 years. The wait staff is super friendly. I wouldn't hang out at the G'n'D on a Friday night, but for a lunch break I like it.
I have been here a handful of times now and because it is so close to my house its my go to Thai place. The pad Thai is really fantastic along with the chicken cashew dish. My husband tells me the curry is pretty good too.
I order carry out so have not sat down here yet but the atmosphere seems pretty decent. All in all this place is worth a visit if you live in the hood.
This place is worse than the IRS, at least the IRS admits when they made a mistake. But these arrogant workers will be caught dead before they hear themselves say "sorry for the inconvenience" or "we made a mistake".  They gave me different information on two consecutive visits that I made, then Dorrie, some lady who obviously should not have been working that day because she was coughing phlegm all over my documents, then after she asked me to wait by the counter for 10 minutes while their system updated.

 I waited, 1 hour and 30 minutes later I finally went to the information counter and asked for Dorrie... I was told that she had gone to lunch 15 minutes ago and was told to go talk to another lady. She just dismissed me and I went to go talk to the new lady, who was also extremely rude and kept rolling her eyes and interrupting me before I could finish my sentences.  Basically i spent total of 3 and a half hours waiting and getting attitude and nothing was resolved because of their mis information and Dorries idiot customer service ethics and the last ladys pride..  not one person resolved anything and they all were too proud to say "we apologize for the inconvenice".  I recommend this place if you wanna be late to work 2 or more hours and having your mild mannered patience tested to the maximum.
BEERS!
GOOD ONES! 
ON TAP!
LOTS OF THEM!

BOOBIES!
FAKE ONES!
ON THE SERVERS!
MOST OF THEM!

(oh yeah, and music and comedy and food and stuff too)
I visit Phoenix 2-3 times a year and make it a point to stop in the Silver Spur for FRIED CHILI'S before I leave.  They are amazing, hands down.  I don't think they're on the menu now that it's changed from the Satisfied Frog; but you can ask for them, and you'll get them.

Because of my need for mass amounts of fried food I had the salad bar along with my chili's and was quite surprised at how good that was as well.

And....wasn't this the Silver Spur BEFORE it was Satisfied Frog?  Really it just changed back from what I've heard.

Any who...a must go for the not-so-much-a-tourist-anymore in me.
I recently had sunscreens installed in my entire  home by CC Sunscreens....i did research and found CC had the best prices...Carl the owner was amazing....he came to measure the day after i called.  He answered all of our questions.  He gave us a great price and in less than a week the screens were professionally installed.  The screens are not only of the highest quality - they look great and make our home look brand new.  We noticed an immediate difference in the coolness of each room -   and we look forward to saving on our energy bill too!  We cant thank CC Sunscreens enough -   They are simply the best!
Chicken quesadilla, chicken fajitas - sucked. The chicken was flavorless and dry. In fact it tasted as if it was microwaved/ pre-packaged. 

And waaaay to expensive. 

Will not eat at this chain again.
if you are looking for fine dinning italian and like speciality pizzas or creation, this place would prob be just a 3.  if however you are looking for a good italian place to have a pizza, a calzone or some nicely cooked wings, this is the place for you.

They have giant calzones.  come for lunch for their lunch special, a two toppings of you choice calzone and a drink for like 6.25 :)  

Had their pizza and its pretty good too, it does not taste like a chain pizza like dominos and papa johns.  freshly made with good ingredients so its hard to mess it up :)

if you come here expecting olive garden, u will be pleasantly suprised.  if you come here expecting chain store food, u will be impressed.  I think because they get so crowded at lunch, it kind of makes it impossible for them to keep food and reuse them/ reheat it, and the ingredients will always be fresh and not sitting in the fridge for so long.

so, dun expect this to be a palce to move to chandler to, its not that great, but its very good enough to make your choice to move to chandler bearable and adds variety to your choice of places to eat over in the chandler area.
I still can't believe it. Binkley's Restaurant (same ownership, same town) is one of my favorite restaurants in the country (seriously).  I've been there dozens of times and recommend it to people constantly.

I heard that Cafe Bink was a casual establishment in town and that they had the amazing truffled ketchup & fries that I'd experienced as a part of Binkleys tasting menu. And they did. And that was the only thing on the menu that was decent. 

Actual quote from my friend "is this supposed to be cold in the middle?"

Service was horrific, at one point they literally forgot about us. Server didn't know anything about the ingredients. 

It IS is possible two have two restaurants, owned by the same chef, in the same town be literally polar opposites.
Found this place via Yelp. Had never eaten in the neighborhood before. Most people write about how nice the staff here is and they are right. Nicest people to ever run a deli. Their meatball sub is also amazing!
Good Food, Great Prices... HUGE PORTIONS!!!  you are buying lunch and dinner when you go... and you have to have the cookie skillet!!!
I heart REI.
I also heart the cute men that work at REI.  :)

But seriously, they sell quality gear, and clothing.  I am not a fan of things that are basically disposable, and REI stuff is built to last.  I have bought gear at REI 10 years ago that i am still using.  That is awesome.  I am a member so i get a credit at the end of the year, that is rad too!
Sad to say a victim of the economy this week.  My favorite breakfast spot in AZ for over ten years is no longer in business.  

No more Mini-Veggie with fruit and rye toast... No more Slick Chick with fruit or fries.  No more get one meal free with six punches...

The staff over the years was extremely friendly and always pleasant.  It just won't be the same with so few choices left in my area.
This place has become a new favorite of mine at Tempe Marketplace. A friend recommended this restaurant to us one night before the movies so we decided to give it a try. As I walked in, I looked at the bowls and chuckled. "There's no way that's gonna fill me up" I thought. Boy was I surprised. 

So the general idea here is you get a bowl, walk down the line and throw in all the ingredients you want. From beef to chicken to a few fishes and the other white meat, there's no way they won't have what you want. Add some veggies at the next station then down to the sauce station. Here is where the fun is as you try and mix and match sauces to make something that tastes good. Next stop is the cook who asks what you want your concoction mixed with (rice, fried rice, udon noodles, a couple others I can't remember.) Five minutes later your eating what hopefully tastes good and the size is not disappointing.

I will forever be a fan of this joint as it gives me the ability to choose what I want in my food down to the detail.  The staff isn't as attentive when it's busy meaning empty drinks for a bit, but they are friendly and helpful when they are around.
The food menu for Khaybar requires updating. The service is cordial but is being handled by the business owners high school sons. We applaud any business that teaches business acumen to the next generation. The selection was limited for fish dishes, out of shrimp, dishes discontinued, etc.

We opted for the fried tilapia. The fried tilapia was seasoned and cooked very well. We don't process professional palates so it doesn't require a five star zagats resort critique. We were the only customers in the restaurant and the sons allowed us to enjoy our meal and checked on our needs. (We have to confess we did ask the high school tech savvy youngster to review the Yelp reviews before ordering)  Our food companion ordered the lamb dish and from my observation it had to be great. I was the only one talking. A rare first. If you decide to partake
in some authentic Afghani cuisine this is the spot. The son's speak Farsi (Persian, Iran's state language). Read a review where someone said Pakistani/Indian cuisine. Doesn't really matter
the meals were good.
My family and I come here once every few months. It's pretty difficult to find a restaurant my parents like, and they actually ask my brother and I if we want to go there for dinner. 

Being former chefs, my parents like to cook the meat at the table. We have always gotten great-tasting, fresh meat everytime we come here. We typically order a plate of shrimp, and a plate of pork. We also start with a large plate of fresh sashimi too. 

The service is pretty good, but we did have an issue with the manager one time. My brother left behind a memory card for his camera on the table in the restaurant. When we went back in to ask for it, he said he hadn't seen it - with a smirk on his face.

We still continue to eat here because there aren't too many choices around our house for good Korean food.
Love the furniture and friendly staff !
Just wanted a small cup of coffee.  Maybe it was old but pH was low enough to etch metal.  The soy milk they added curdled upon impact.  I had one sip and tossed it immediately.  I won't go back.  Where can one get good coffee and not a blended drink?
Dear Hibachi; please come back! We miss you. Restaurant closed about Feb 7th, 2013. This was the best Hibachi out of all of them here in the Phoenix area. Great food all the way. Excellent selections to choose from. The a/c was cranking good in the hot summers. The wait staff were very attentive and polite. Very spacious. The price was right at 8 bucks a person including drink. I was very saddened to see it close. The management actually cared about you as a customer ; )
only place in the valley that I can get my schnitzel fix, tasty home made Spätzle too, haven't had a bad experience, been there about 10 times. sorry they stopped opening for lunch though
Part 1:

The Why:  A work of passion from a former stock trader turned restauranteur, noca had been on my "to visit" list ever since I visited Phoenix for my recruitment in September of 2011, but unfortunately a chef shift right before I visited (and another thereafter) gave me pause.  Owned by Eliot Wexler and considered by many locals 'in-the-know' to be amongst the best restaurants in the city I knew I would eventually make my visit, but it was not until the high praise of new chef Claudio Urciuoli's cuisine and a ringing endorsement from Steve Plotnicki via facebook came across that I moved noca to #1 on my list.  With a concept that seems rather straight forward - high end ingredients prepared with an Italian twist in a casual environment - I generally assumed that noca was going to impress, and at a price point that seemed bargain basement compared to similar establishments in New York, Chicago, and elsewhere.

The Reservation:  For the sake of full disclosure I have to note here that I was known walking in the door.  Between Steve's endorsements that I must meet his friend Eliot and another local diner who'd apparently told Mr. Wexler about me months before I figured it was only proper to introduce myself to the restaurant's owner prior to making a reservation - an introduction that led to a string of e-mails covering everything from sourcing to local general contractors, and finally a reservation at 8:30pm on Saturday night (actually secured ~18 hours before the meal via Opentable.)  What I hadn't planned on, however, was a stop earlier in the day to check out the afternoon 'nocawich' menu...but hey, why not?

The Space:  Located, like many Phoenix restaurants, in a simple strip mall the exterior of noca is nothing to get excited about - it could be any random sports bar or billiards hall, but what lies inside is actually quite sleek; a sort of urban industrial feel but still sort of homey and laid back.  By day more casual and by night more trendy the use of industrial light bulbs plus spotlights and mirrors allows the room to be as intimate or as bright as necessary and with an open kitchen during both lunch and dinner service there is plenty to watch.  With a lively bar, close set tables lacquered in black, and brick walls plus a lively soundtrack I will say the space gets loud, but certainly not overly so, and for those who enjoy watching a kitchen at work the marble chef's counter is a great place to eat. 

The Service:  Considering how busy noca was (not an empty seat in the house save for the one to my left) I was stunned at the fluidity and efficiency of service.  Dishes were presented with ample descriptions, questions of ingredients and preparations were answered thoroughly and knowledgably, and aside from a few small quirks (that the average diner would have never paid a second thought to) my primary server named Jenny could not have been more pleasant, professional, or helpful with her suggestions.  A lively spot where many patrons probably don't really pay attention to the quality of the service I'll simply say I've been to a number of Michelin starred spots with a far less impressive front of house.

The Food:  A sandwich and dessert at Nocawich at lunch/two drinks, eight courses, bread, amuses, mignardises at dinner.

Croque Madame with Pork Belly, Brioche, Fried Egg, Gruyere Foam:  This $10 sandwich from the Saturday Noca(wich) menu would feature a slightly modernist update on the French classic and as much as I love the combination of ham, egg, and cheese in all forms this one raised the bar a bit by utilizing tender belly bacon from Mr. Wexler's supplier out of Iowa paired with crisp brioche, a perfect sunny side egg, a thin slice of aged gruyere, and finally an aromatic foam from an ISI Whip that made cheese whiz seem tame in comparison.  As good as the lobtah roll sounded, I find it hard to believe it would have trumped the croque - but I'm certainly going back with my BOGO from dinner to find out.

Red Velvet Cake with Cream Cheese Frosting:  Simple, dense, moist, and featuring an ample amount of tangy cream cheese icing there really isn't much else to say about this cake.  Not overly sweet like so many 'designer' cupcakes the $3.50 rustic wedge was a welcome change from the norm - the cocoa allowed to shine rather than taking a back seat to the sugar.

Dinner service will be an addendum...
Great little lunch place I love that southwest wrap and the fact they have sprouts. great place to eat and I definitely will be going back. Boars head meat is the best we bring it home all the time.
They stay busy.  It is nice if you can sit outside on the water.  The service is fast and efficient and the prices are great.  I really enjoy the cocktails and the charro beans.  Mmmmm...
I have been going to Desert Jade since I was 7 years old. There is no other Chinese place in the Metro Area that can compare to Desert Jade!! All their food is made fresh to order, and though the decor is a little dated, the service is impeccable! 
My absolute favorite dish is the Kung Pao Chicken! I also love the sizzling rice soup, outstanding!! You cant beat the prices on their lunch specials. 
Try Desert Jade, you will become a regular too!
We picked a restaurant like a dart on a dartboard.  It had a great atmosphere, not crowded, and the waitress was really friendly and courteous.  Food was good, the shrimp tacos were about a 4, but we were disappointed, or rather spoiled with the shrimp cocktails. The juice was kinda watered down, not a whole lot of flavor, unless you add Tapatio and the free chip salsa to it. We were used to shrimp cocktails from south of the border, so we had a higher expectation. No big deal, we loved the food, the service, and the location.
Stopped by when I was in the area with my family because I remembered a friend mentioning the brewery. The staff was very friendly and the food was GREAT! I am a beer lover and I got to say one of the best local breweries in Phoenix.
What an amazing spot! They've got a huge beer selection with some on draft and most in bottles. Where else can you get live music with cheap beer? It is an old converted house and is hard to find. Supposedly they do that on purpose because they don't want to be flooded with people. That really makes no sense since it isn't on a busy street. However, this is probably one of the better spots I've been to in the Phoenix Metro Area.
Nobuo is by far my favorite restaurant in the Phoenix metro area. His dishes all have interesting texture, flavor, and presentation. I have never been disappointed.

I loved Sea Saw and I love the new digs!
So now Scottsdale can be added to the list of the McCormick and Schmicks locations!
This is a great place to go if you like good fresh seafood at decent prices.   They have a large selection of all types of fish to a few different types of oysters (yumm). 
The atmosphere at this location is ok. We went on a Wednesday night and it appeared to be "senior" night as everyone looked around the age of 60 or above. It kinda has that "antiquey" and family feel to it. Totally different from the atmosphere of ThaiFoon, the restaurant that occupied that space previously. 
I had the "mixed grill". Salmon, sea bass, crab cake and risotto. The Salmon was really good and actually REAL wild Alaskan Salmon, the best! I didn't care for the sea bass much, but I am not a huge fan of sea bass anyways. The crab cake was good and the risotto tasted good but was way too dry to be a risotto (it appeared that it had been made hours ago, but the taste was still yummy). 
My "Brazilian lover" had one type of their halibut which he completely devoured. 
Surprisingly they make really good margaritas there! I didn't think margaritas and fish would go that well together but they do and I think a little margarita makes everything taste better anyways! 
I actually want to give this 3.5 stars just because the prices seem to be good for the quality of the food. I will be back but probably not on a regular basis, the atmosphere needs a little work.
We have been here a few times and never had a bad, nor spectacular experience. I sure do enjoy the old school track train ricketing around the ceiling. Beyond that it's pretty nondescript. TVs (new, flat), diverse crowd, some bar games... 
We have posted up at the bar each time. Friendly service. The menu is pretty big and diverse. The food is good enough to fill you up and prepared well. Wine was cold in a smaller glass than I prefer. Beer was cold and specials were going for happy hour, though seemed on par with general drink prices for HH in the area. Our tabs have all seemed in the 40 dollar range for a 3 hour stay or so. 
The problem is, when I look back I really just can't think of any experience or situation that stands out. I looked at my check-in here and it honestly took me a few minutes to remember what this place even was. :/. 
If you are looking for a neighborhood strip bar of good size and varied menu and drinks this is a fine place to go. It just really didn't have any real effect on me. 
This boring/neutral review pretty much sums it up. Um...Cheers?
Great happy hour. I'm a vegetarian and they have delicious options for me. Sushi and egg rolls are my favorites!
If you go to LGO Grocery on a Sunday morning for breakfast or brunch and you see the parking lot is full and there is a line out the door, please don't turn around and go some where else, please! You will not be disappointed with the wait! Or just pass it by so there is one less person in front of ME!!! 

The quality of food is untouchable! Okay, really their homemade english muffins are what is untouchable! Try the commuter sandwich, yes it is on one of their AMAZING homemade english muffins. If you have been to LGO next door for a meal, then you know the quality of the food is top notch, well there is nothing disappointing about their Grocery!

Oh and please don't forget to pick up a Tammy Coe Red Velvet Cupcake, they are the best I have had to date! The cupcakes can be found in the glass case below the menus. And they are full of the most divine treats you will come across.

LGO Grocery you are truly amazing and addictive. I find myself making excuses to pass by, just so I can stop in for some tasty treats.
I've been coming to this location for years. I went to Israel in the summer of 2006 and when I came back to the states I refused to eat hummus because I didn't want to replace the memory of the amazing, authentic hummus I ate in Israel with some crappy hummus that you get in the grocery store. 

I didn't have hummus for over a year until I discovered Pita Jungle. their hummus (all 3 kinds) is the most authentic that I've found outside of Israel and New York. 

2 months ago I brought my roommate who professed to hate hummus to pita jungle. By the end of dinner she was stealing all my hummus.

Since the beginning of my interactions with pita jungle there is one thing that I have eaten the most frequently. The Fruit Fantasia (a plate of fruit and cheese) and the hummus starter. I'm going to let you in on a little secret: apples and hummus are delicious together. 

For the more adventurous people reading this try dipping the banana and the cheeses in to the hummus as well. YUMMMMM!

The only reason why I give it a 4 is because they give less fruit and cheese than they used to. It used to be the best deal going because I could make 2 meals out of the platter for something like $8. Now it's $10 for the Fruit fantasia and I only get 1.5 meals out of it. Still worth it though.

Bonus points: They have many healthy options for those people who are trying to watch what they eat.
Never thought someone in their mid 20s could enjoy something this much with a 2 year old boy. Didn't want to leave and definitely the highlight of our trip to Arizona :)
I love the chicken fried steak! Me and the wife could have definitely split it. It would have been plenty for 2 people. The ambience is ok but the food makes up for it. 

As all the other reviews say "get the chicken fried steak!"
Brigetts is a great neighborhood bar. It has a lot of variety. Excellent Happy Hour along with some type of entertainment . Trivia ,Karaoke and even comedy once a week. It's good bar food along with breakfast served all day .
Bar staff and servers were fine and would chat with you if they weren't busy. 
Not many places can you get a HH draw of beer for a Buck!
I have never been more impressed with the attention to detail Dwayne and his wife put into the entire menu. From the time you watch Sarah mix your first drink you will realize this place is carefully thought out and time and effort is spent creating a Jamacian experience that is authentic and delicious! Eat and drink your way through the menu and you will be amazed.
Love this place ! Food is great and on point . Place is very busy and interactive . Good service and I also like how one of the servers could memorize the order without having to write anything Down . Only thing I dnt like is the front desk Hispanic girl. She's not very polite and gave my friend a dirty look  without any reasoning . Just rude .
Getting bumped up to 4 stars. Great customer service, and due to Amy D's review,  just tried the #5 Hot turkey breast sandwich and think I'm in love. Turkey, cranberry, mozzarella, garlic sauce, fresh lettuce and tomato...
Two stars you ask? Yes I am disappointed I had to put two stars! I was ready to get my food socks rocked off. Incorrect. 

We went on Saturday night with a monstrous group. 4 children and about 10 adults. We had a rsvp at 7:00, and we were immediately seated. Great! And then it all went down-hill. The children were starving, so we ordered food for them asap (chicken fingers and fries). It took about 45 minutes for the food to come out. It was bizarre. I wonder if they were making the fingers from scratch (egg, flour, shake-and-bake breading, and then frying). They did not seem extraordinary, so I highly doubt that. Luckily, our adult food appetizers had come out a little earlier. 

For apps, we got two servings of guacamole and fundido. the guacamole was NOT made table-side. that's the whole point of ordering guacamole! I see the other reviewers got theirs made table-side. I am super jealous. I am an avid lover of guac. I get it at almost every restaurant if it is on the menu. However, this was missing something. I think the avocados were not super ripe. Anyway, it wasn't that good. I had about two chips and called it quits. The fundido was unique: melted cheese served with hot tortillas. You spread the cheese onto the tortilla, roll it up, and eat it. Fun concept. Everyone raved about the cheese. A little greasy, but fun nonetheless. It was a little tricky to spread the cheese onto the tortilla, so perhaps recruit someone at the table to work the fundido station.

I got the tempura sea bass (not on the online menu. the server said it replaced the: "scallop and pork belly"). Basically, it was a whole fish (yes, head and tail included) covered in tempura batter. The overwhelming tempura batter drowned out any sea bass flavor. The person next to me got the costilla de res (braised short rib). It was OK. Had a weird flavor to it...i think it was the guava sauce. 

Not only were the entrees pricy and mediocre, but they served all the adult entrees at once. One adult at our table's entree did not come out. The server told him they overcooked his steak, and it would be out in a few minutes. The server apologized in advance, but it was definitely rude to bring out our entrees. The steak did not come out for several minutes, and when it did, he said it still wasn't cooked to the specifications he asked for! Eek.
If they tried to design a more complicated ordering process they would fail. I say just put up a big "wheel of fortune" and customers can just give it a spin. Personally I think the reason they keep it is so they can interact with customers as they patiently explain how to order. Something they all seem to do well.

On my first visit I was with a big party. My order was lost or someone else claimed it. Whatever, I drank another beer and left hungry. The second visit was successful. The key is not to think too much when ordering.

I had the gringo and jerk chicken. The meat, beans and rice were really fresh.  There is a lot of flavor here. You can get a meal and a drink for around $10 and that makes this place a winner.  Plus they give you a cookie too. Not a fortune cookie a real cookie.
This is my casual drinking place. A bit expensive, but that does not matter if you are visiting in a group of 4 or more. I prefer sitting outside instead of indoor seating. Outdoor seating is not an issue as by night it is usually cooler and much bearable in Tempe.

Try Klit Lifter and 8th Street beer. I am not much into food when I visit this place.  First time I had Mediterranean White Pizza along with beer and it was really filling (a bit too much actually)
Pass!  The restaurant is as cold as a meat locker so your food is never warm.  The service is slow and I learned the hard way most people were not there for the food but the booze.  It felt like the cast of the jersey shore threw up all over this place.
If the Breakfast Club were a movie it would be rated by Entertainment Weekly as the top high school movie of all time.

In its category, its that good.
Tessio's Pizza is one of my favorites in the valley.  It is by no means gourmet, but it hits the spot every time.  They have a thin crust, decent sauce, and is always just greasy enough :)  Their sandwiches and sides are good as well.
I've driven by this place many times and though curious, I had convinced myself that I would emerge from this place with a black eye and a few missing teeth should I ever venture in. 

We popped in on a Sunday for a few drinks between brunch and dinner. The place was divey but clean, a mix of clientele but everyone kept to themselves. The bartender was friendly and attentive and they served 8 oz beers for $2.75 (or was it $1.75.......we'd been drinking at brunch). Anyway, it worked for me having smaller beers and at less $$.

Not that I'm complaining about price at all, as this place is CHEAP.....I think it just worked for me by having smaller beers. I'm curious how this place is a on Friday night......the neighbourhood is not the nicest.....so stay tuned!
If you're looking for a mesquite flame grilled burger (or chicken) and you value the taste and quality of the meat as well as the overall grill flavor of the burger....

Then the Chuck Box is the only place to go in Phoenix.  There is a reason its packed at lunch.  There is a reason its been around for years while other places come and go.  There is a reason the locals swear by it.  There is a reason the atmosphere is minimal and the main draw is the burger.  The Chuck Box burgers are that good.

Why are they that good?  Its a mesquite open flame grill that has not had time to cool down in 20 years.  Trust me the burgers are moist and oh so full of that grill flavor.

As far as Mullac's review: Garbage, his other reviews are of bistros, not a burger expert.  As far as the condiment bar, its minimal because the burgers are 1lb and trust me when I say they only need minimal condiments to add flavor to the burger.  He prefers "flat griddle-surface" for a burger, that disqualified the review right there.

Oh and Lauren: Its busy during lunch because its that good.  If the burger at the Chuck Box was OK where did you have better?

Sorry I love food, and the Chuck Box got me all through college and is still a favorite.  Yes I created a Yelp account just to write this review.  Look at all the people who know what they're talking about, all the ones rating Chuck Box a 5.
I've never heard of Last Chance until a recent visit to a friends place in Phoenix. Before you even think about shopping here, just be aware of the huge lines, rude people and expect carrying everything you find by hand instead of using a cart to lug it around. Shopping carts are scarce here and baskets are limited. You've gotta love the crowd, the digging, the huge room we'll call ground zero and best of all the deals. Just be careful though because you'll get what you pay for. In a few hours I found tory burch flats (which looked like they've been worn one too many times) as well as dior heels at $99 a pop. They have a huge variety of UGG boots but once again you'll have to walk through the massive shoe aisles to find them. On some occasions, you'll find stuff that has been worn, torn, beat up and spit out but you'll also find a lot of stuff that's new that just couldn't sell at Nordstom Rack. Definitely a great spot if you're in the mood to find a good deal but just be forewarned about the rude shoppers, big mess and long lines.
This past Thursday, Robert M and I took half days off work to get into the State Fair for free, spend an insane amount on unhealthy food, and watch the AZ Derby Dames for free. It was one of those budget dates that means a lot. Aside from consuming more calories and fried foods in 3 hours than I have in most weeks, this was absolutely one of the most exciting evenings I've spent vertical. 

Having watched the movie Whip It, we were really looking forward to seeing how close the film represented an actual event. We weren't disappointed. For the same reason I will watch hockey is why I think so many attend roller derbies: the fights! And these ladies mean business. This event was a tournament between the state's five teams--The Bombshells, The Coffin Draggers, The Schoolyard Scrappers, The Runaway Brides and The Brutal Beauties. Due to time constraints, the sets were truncated. While some pairs seemed brutally stacked against the losing team, others were much better matched and resulted in close scores, a healthy number of fights, and swelling adrenaline in the audience. 

AZDD start their 2010 season on March 20, returning to Veterans' Memorial Coliseum. Admission is $20; this marks the banked track introduction to Arizona's fiercest women's contact sport.
Ok.. so I saw quite a few Blue Adobe to Dick's Hideaway comparisons in the reviews. Dick's Hideaway is my favorite Arizona Restaurant, so I had to give it a shot. I pulled into an empty parking lot.. not a good sign. Walked into an empty restaurant.. another bad sign. I was worried that maybe I had selected a dud for the date night I had set up with my fiance who was meeting me there. I sat down, and immediately ordered a carafe of margarita. Then I watched my server pour a shit load of booze into the carafe, before adding his other flavors.. a great sign! Pamela showed up, to a glass full of potent, and tasty margarita.. and some of the better chips and salsa I have had. 

Our waiter, who was awesome btw.. recommended the Carne Adovada Enchiladas. This is what I ordered. Pamela got the Oscar Medallion: A small steak with crab meat on top of it, served with pasta and asparagus.

My enchiladas were legit. Tender pork, delicious chili sauce. Cheesy, meaty, tortilla-y goodness. Highly recommended. Pamela's steak was perfectly cooked, and was butter knife slice able. The crab on top was a nice touch. The pasta however, was a real miss. It was a super limp, greasy mess on the plate. Very heavy.. not appetizing. Neither me, or my fiance cared for it. 

Back to the Margaritas. I am not big on margaritas. They sometimes give me heart burn. Blue Adobe Grille's Killer Margarita was great. That carafe got my chick drunk. It got me a little tipsy, and I can hold my own. It was tasty. Not too sour. Not too sweet. No chest pain.

I am not sure why this place was empty. My friend told me that when he had visited, it smelled like a mop and bucket inside. It smelled fine in there to me. I did notice complaining about his in other reviews though. Minus the pasta, my experience was awesome. I will be back to explore their very affordable menu. Maybe drink some margaritas, and watch he game at the bar-
The cornbeef hash is awesome. The butternut squash french toast should not be served as breakfast, it is a rich, heavy dessert. The sauce to those french toast, however, should be on the table! The service was great, though I never judge a restaurant for service. Food establishments serve one purpose, to serve food! Anyway, everyone should try the crazy chicken dish, it's tasty, no wonder it is so popular. oh, and the lemonade, is also delicious! I don't know that it is on my list of "return" restaurants, but it was good for breakfast.
I visited August Karaoke Box last week at the request of my girlfriend. As an American, with no language skills in Chinese, I found the KTV experience amazing. The room we used was clean, the songs were familiar and contemporary, and the staff was amazing. 

The owner greeted us with a smile and she made us feel very confortable.  I encourage anyone who has a few hours to spend to try   August Karaoke Box. Like me, I am sure you will find the experience a joy.  It is the first time in Arizona I have found a cool cultural spot that is both authentic and fun. Thank you August Karaoke Box.
Always busy for HH! They have great patio seating (not in the sun). Food is fast and fabulous. A great place for out of towners to go see the Scottsdale scene and not be disappointed!
Many, many changes to the dining variety. No complaints.

Some of the water faucets have fill stations for water bottles .... very nice!

I fly Southwest & US airlines and have been through this airport many, many times. Free, easy to use Internet and clean.
It deeply saddens me to have to write a review like this for a restaurant that finally offers a menu from which I have choices. I am a vegan and self-professed health nut and was very much looking forward to trying absolutely everything on this menu. Now that I've tried a good chunk of it, my heart has drifted from the illusion that a swanky atmosphere and a menu dotted with "gf"s and "v"s will always be indicative of sheer, healthy brilliance. Nay.

My first visit was the height of the romance. I was so excited by the idea of choice that I tried as much as I could on a mildly empty stomach - the confetti veggies, salsa of the day, and mango avocado salad...at the time my enthusiasm tricked me into thinking it was all light and delicious, but as I walked away I had to be honest with myself. There was hardly anything on that confetti veggie salad, the salsa tasted like it came from a jar with some pineapple chunks thrown in, and they forgot to include the "Nourish Energy Mix" greens in my spicy mango avocado salad. This girl likes greens, what do I have to do to get a little leaf around here?

I was willing to clear the slate for my second visit. I wanted to try more items and have a better experience. This is a new joint and I am a new customer, I wanted to be a patron! Nay. To advertise that their bacon has no nitrates but then to use sulfured apricots in the quinoa salad - I don't know how to convey my confusion. The fruit salad looked like it came from the bottom of a bowl that had been sitting for 2 days - pink pineapple and brown kiwi. What really got to me was the "wild rice" - I'm from Minnesota, home of wild rice, and this is not wild rice. This is brown rice with a few wild grains studded throughout and it was so salty that it tasted like it came from a Rice a Roni box. I'm so sad that I wrote that, but it's true!

I'll sign off on a more positive note...the sweet potato fries were delicious and light. I have not tried the sandwiches or burgers yet, mostly because the portions looked huge. But I will probably come back to try one for the sake of having a complete experience. I wish for a better representation of what healthy cuisine has to offer - I know the spirit of Nourish is on the right track. I just hope the deliver catches up.
I love winter in Phoenix. The cold, the rain, the clouds -- I LOVE CLOUDY DAYS.

I don't like what winter brings with it, though -- Uggs.
Seriously, girls, you looking fucking ridiculous. It's 55 outside and you're wearing huge furry boots. If you tried that shit somewhere up north when it was 55 degrees, you'd get laughed out of town.

I get it. You think they look cool and you're dying to wear them. But you know what? You live in Arizona. You don't get to wear huge, fuzzy boots. Get over it.
Great Atmosphere, Food is great, as well as the service. Go early and have a drink and peoplewatch at the bar
The absolute worst glasses I have ever had...the so called  Zeiss Experience is a joke.
Two years ago I came here for a new pair of glasses and though the exam was reasonably priced, the cost of the frames was very expensive. 
I opted for the 2 year no scratch warranty and I am so glad that I did. Almost immediately the glasses started developing a noticeable film on the lenses and within two months or so scratches started to develop. During the 2 year warranty period I returned the glasses 7 or 8 times...so many times I've forgotten really.
To this merchants credit, they took them back and gave me a new pair each time, no questions asked, but what a hassle! Don't know how you can stay in business like this...probably by charging $700 for glasses I could get elsewhere for $200. Good luck!
These chicas are no-joke!  They know their stuff and are so totally down to earth and not pretentious like other salons.  Love them!
Go.  We loved it.  They have food for kids (orange chicken and chicken nuggets), and awesome sushi.  The owner Ken is generous, funny and a good local owner.  Go, go, GO!!!! So much better than other local joints - like squid sushi up the road.

Sushi is decent, drinks were good and you are patronizing a locally owned business that the owner ACTUALLY works as the sushi chef/grill.
Owned by a husband and wife team.  Rancho Pinot's menu changes daily, depending on what's fresh.  Entres might include quail with soba noodles, rosemary-infused chicken with Italian sausage, and grilled sea bass atop basmati rice. Reservations essential.
What a treat!  This Western themed restaurant is as hokey as it gets.  We went to Rustler's Rooste for a rehearsal dinner and the set-up outside was pretty cool with city views.  Between the rattlesnake appetizers, fried shrimp, bbq chicken and the many libations, we had good time.  The food was only mediocre, but the service was good and the tourist nature of the spot was entertaining.

One plus for the family folks is that kids...LOTS of kids are welcome.  There is a fenced-in bull when you walk in and a slide with lots of screaming kiddos.  The prices are a little steep for the quality but it is a tourist trap, so be prepared.
First, the good news. Good location, plenty of parking, nice staff.

Unfortunately, the bad news. Worst Chinese food ever had. Every dish we had was worst than the prior dish. No further details needed. I honestly don't know how folks keep frequenting the place or perhaps it was a bad night there. I don't think every gave a one star rating before.

In any event, won't be going there again and forewarning to others.
My girlfriends and I happened upon this restaurant when we were in town for our annual spring training trip. We will def be back! 

Our friend is vegetarian and even though it doesn't have some veg options ont he menu, the hostess kindly told us that the kitchen was able to work with her and offer some vegetarian suggestions. Score!

We all shared a mix of salads, pastas, appetizers and desserts... Seriously, we all fought over the last bites and we nearly licked the plates! Even the salad was amaze-innngg... It's tough to make an ordinary salad fantastically yummy and "new."

Our waiter was incredible and very knowledgeable and the manager was just as kind when we told him how incredible the restaurant was.

We were so pleased with our experience. We are def fans and will be back for another girls night dinner! :)
I have a tough time deciding how many stars to give this hotel.  I changed my mind 3 times a day during my four day stay at Firesky.

When I arrived, my first thought was that I had finally found the Scottsdale hotel I would be loyal too (I keep switching in the years I come here).  I'm partial to Kimpton hotels, usually.  I was pleasantly greeted, the entry was great, the grounds were lovely and lots of welcoming pools.  We had a nice dinner at a well-above-average hotel restaurant and sat with drinks around a firepit in the gardens.  

At 8pm, if I had written this review, 5 stars.

But we get into bed and, well, it was just not Kimpton quality.  The sheets are scratchy, the bed feels a little old, the pillows are hard.  I noticed that the towels are worn.  This might seem nit-picky but my experience is all hotels have raised their game in this area--even run of the mill Hiltons or Westins will have high thread count, crisp sheets on high quality new beds and nice towels.  This was not as good and well below what I would have expected from Kimpton.  Thin walls too as we get to hear the ladies next door gab away (glad that is all we heard because it was pretty easy to hear!).  OK, down to 4 stars.  

Next day dawned and the nice service and the grounds were lovely again and the people serving free coffee were nice.  I was being whiney about the sheets, right?  5 stars!

Room not cleaned by 3pm.  3 stars, you losers.

Very apologetic about the room.  4 stars.

Great margarita.  A little buzzed.  Back to 5 stars, dammit!

But then, at the end...well, we wanted to check out one hour after regular checkout because we had a spa treatment scheduled.  We wanted to give them more money!  So they went back and forth...no we can't extend...then the spa asks and they can extend...no, we need you out so we can clean the room for the next guest (remember, yesterday they could not clean the room until after 3!), yes we can, no we can't...

Wow, why was this such a big deal?  Who wanted my room, John McCain?

Anyway...I end up at 3 stars as I walked out with a bad taste in my mouth, but I'll see how my memory treats my stay at Firesky.
Had a bad experience in downtown chain earlier. This was definitely friendlier.

The foods was consistent as expected. No more no less. The service was not very consistent during shift change. There was confusion how to redeem a voucher.

Nothing to go Gaga about, at least no Poker Face here.
Usually sushi restaurants, that know they have bellow average nigiri, make up for it by having unique and tasty rolls. This place fails on both counts....

Nigiri: Fish was stale. Almost like it was frozen just a few minutes ago, so there was almost no taste. The rice was disgusting.

Rolls: We didn't finish most of the rolls. Not because there was too much food, but because it was hard keeping it down.

Why two stars? Well the service was great, as were their miso soup and green tea. So if you want some tasty miso with tea.... this is your place.

My friend from Arizona begged me not to give them a bad review, because he comes here a lot. This is the best I can do.... I was seriously going to write something a lot worse.
Chill is amazing! The gelato is amazing and so are the dairy-free choices! Sandy is so kind and welcoming and very well trained in the art of making gelato! The prices are also incredible! Be sure to try the cake batter flavor!
RJ's surprised me when we walked in! I was expecting it to be far more of a dive! It's actually quite nice with tables, a bar, and a back area with games and sometimes live music. It's pretty loud at times, and nothing really fancy about the big open room. They only had wine one of four times we were here, but I guess that's to be expected. I figure they could at least keep some of those tiny screw cap bottles for when people request. I settle for beer, which is averagely priced. The service is friendly enough and pretty fast considering the bartender always seems to be the server for the entire place. The food here is surprisingly really good! I get grilled cheese, which honestly is one of the best in the Valley. All of the food looks good. It's cheap in price and comes in a basket. 
RJ's is a fine little stop in. I upped the rating due to the food. No patio here... Just a back door with 2 broken plastic chairs and a dumpster.
We have been here twice in the past month and it seems to always be busy. Very small place, seemed like everyone turns their head every time the door opens. Food is GREAT, huge portions for very reasonable prices. Would like to see more drink specials. Great music, Friendly girls, thank god we finally have a little neighbor hood bar close by.
I have been here about 5 times, on Wing Tuesday.  I give five stars mainly because of the wings.  From Buffalo Wild Wings, to Hooter's, to any other wing place I've grubbed at, Native New Yorker kills them all.  They may not have as extensive list of flavors as Buffalo's, but the quality is far above.  Their wings are breaded, which is my favorite kind, and every wing that I've ever placed in my mouth from there has been juicy and perfectly cooked.  No dry bones, no undercooked drummies, no 'bottom of the bin' batches.  
The asiago wings are something on a whole different level of chicken wing.  I usually order about a dozen of these, and then another dozen broken down into the other various flavors they have.
The service each time I have been there was awesome.  Twice, our server waived the 'gotta buy a drink to get the discount' thing.  It usual takes a while for our orders to get ready because there is usually so many of us, but no one's food has ever been cold.  We get prompt refills, napkins, extra sauce or whatever else we request.  Friendly.  
The atmosphere is great to me.  There are so many HD tvs around that you can see something of interest no matter where you're sitting.  I even requested that the channel be changed to a different game once, and they did it right away and with a smile.
I love this place, and would go there even if it wasn't 'Wing Tuesday'.  It is a wing lover's paradise.
Molly is amazing!  After leaving many (expensive) salons over the years with the same hairstyle (other stylists would not layer my very long hair as I requested), I went to Molli on a friend' s suggestion.   She gave me the style I had requested and did an excellent job.  Her prices are very reasonable and she is a lovely person.  FINALLY FOUND MY STYLIST!!!
This is one of my most favorite restaurants. Each time I have gone, the food and service has been great. Their bread is probably one of the best bread loaves I have ever had and I can make a meal out of that and that alone. Freshly baked and slightly doughy still, its magnificent. When I first started going to Firebirds, I would order the pork tenderloin with a sweet and sour glaze and the southwest au gratin potatoes. Sooooo good. Now its no longer on the menu   :(   Anyways, I have found a replacement in the grilled salmon with veggies and Parmesan mashed potatoes.I always ask for peach salsa on the side too to put on the fish. It is honestly one of the best salmon meals I have ever had at any restaurant and surprisingly, one of the healthiest items at Firebirds. I love that they list their nutrition facts on their website. Anyways, my husband loves the prime rib and loaded baked potato. He says that the prime rib is consistently good and flavored really well. Also, Firebirds has some awesome wings for appetizers and their tortilla slaw with coconut shrimp appetizer is to die for. The slaw is so different but very tasty. Oh and for dessert, their key lime pie and brownie sundae are pretty legit. There are only a couple of things that I have tried that I was not overly impressed with: Tortilla soup (creamier than I like and not much flavor), pecan crusted trout was kinda dry. 
The service at Firebirds has always been great. There was one time when my salmon was raw in the middle. The waitress took it away and continuously apologized. A manager came over and offered to give me any appetizer and as much bread as I wanted at no charge while I waited for my meal to be recooked. They also gave me dessert on the house. The managers as well as their staff genuinely care about the customers it seems which is something I haven't seen in a long time at other restaurants. Their prices are also decent. I personally thought the prices, service, and quality of food at Firebirds far surpassed The Keg.
My husband and I will definitely continue to come to this restaurant over places like the Keg and more upscale steakhouses!
Tonight was the second time Brady and Max visited the Washington Park Dog Park--Saturday mid-morning I took them to see how they would behave off the leash in such a large area. Then, we were the only ones there and I thought it was a good thing. Tonight, there were a couple dozen dogs and their owners...and I braced for the worst. As soon as we approached the small dog section, nearly every dog inside came barking over towards us and followed us to the entrance. Fortunately, a wonderful lady inside suggested we take out dogs off their leashes and that should calm down all the dogs. Amazing! It did the trick. And Brady and Max's first official social outing--off the leash--was a success.

A couple of observations: There is actually shaded areas (trees) in the middle of the small dog section. There is plenty of grass and a water spiggot. You can take your plastic grocery bags and donate them in the dispensers. Nighttime can be challenging because of the limited lighting, but not impossible. We'll take flashlights with us if we go this late again.

Overall, I'd have to say this dog park suits us nicely, with adequate street parking and friendly dog owners to make for a great time. We'll be visiting other dog parks, but this one is close by.
Worst Walmart Store. Very overcrowded, too many rude employees that give awful customer service, attracts too much crime and begging people. Horrible. If you can drive to another Walmart, please do so.
Just bought from these guys and was extremely satisfied. The price was very fair ($4000 for an '04 ford ranger) and they were very friendly and cooperative. They even took my broken down old car for a trade in. If I need a car in the future, I'll be back talking to these guys before I look on craigslist.
When I get the privilege of "dinner anywhere I want" from the hubby, this Melting Pot is at the top of my list!  Sophisticated, intimate, romantic atmosphere and attentive staff.  The cheese and chocolate fondues are delicious and the "dippables" are of the highest quality.  The whole experience is decadent and worth every penny.  And yes, bring lots and lots of pennies.  It's expensive.
Cinco stars! Even if the average review was 3 stars you should go hiking and get out. It's still AZ so I doubt you will be swept away by vast beauty but lizards and rocks are nice every once in awhile. 
Went on a couple of trails and weather was perfect, same trails would likely kill me if it was July and this would be a review on a hike in hell.
If your thinking about getting out....get out and go! Especially if your on the west side
I loved this little bar and would love to come back to catch an independent flick!  I certainly would have caught todays matinee if I had the time.  

Thanks for hosting the Yelp group for our Yelpiday Local Crawl.

Great art and decor in this lounge/bar/cinema.  The staff was super nice and the wine was superb.

Thanks FilmBar for supporting the downtown area!
The menu is very creative and the staff are very nice. It is a beautiful restaurant and the atmosphere is great outside. This place is not very busy yet and hopefully it will catch on and fill up soon.
This is a nice theater, and being my first time I tried to really be observant of everything. I saw Daniel Tosh and it was awesome, but my review is not about my attachment to the bizarre dark humor that borderline both insanity and sadism. 

The good 
The seating is just fine, and as far as I could tell the sound travels well in this huge stadium. It was fairly easy to go use the restrooms even when packed. 

The bad
I don't know what is up with the excess of personnel. There is way too many people working here on a night like this. I cannot understand why. And I really don't like when a drink costs $15. I realize that they have no shame robing people that already paid a decent amount to see a show, and they hit them up again once in. Ok, so from now on I will show up just when it starts.. and I will have enjoyed a few beverages before, so I don't have to resort to crazy prices. 

The awkward
As this was my biggest comedy show ever, I wasn't sure how to dress.. but man do people dress up for a big comedy show. I was both surprised and impressed. Way to step it up Phoenix. Also, what has happened here in the past when you need this amount of law enforcement on the spot? 

But I would rather pay a general admission, at a lower price, to a place where the drinks were more reasonable and the seating isn't necessary numbered (alt. no seating at all).
Excellent Thai food.  I have had the Thai Basil and Green Curry.  I like the low lighting atmosphere.  Some asian music usually plays in the background.  Another reviewer mentioned long wait for food, but I've never had that experience.
Kind of ended up here by accident.  One of those "I'm hungry, there's a restaurant" kind of moments.  And since I think to myself every time I drive by, "hmm, I wonder if that is any good," it was worth a shot.

The interior of the restaurant is nice enough, though outdated by Scottsdale standards.  But that's actually a plus for me sometimes.   Our server was excellent.  The right balance of attentiveness without being intrusive.

As far as the food, it was good, but not over the top good for me.  I always go with a pasta dish on a first visit, and it was manicotti this time.  The red sauce was flavorful, with a little sweetness.  And I guess that's about all I can say about manicotti.  Appetizer, salads, and dessert were all okay, but apparently not spectacular as I'm at a loss for words here.  Perhaps I should not have waited so long to review.

I really did enjoy our dinner here.  It was quiet and without the drama that Cher T had to endure!  I am sure we will come back.
Dropped by Dazzo's before a hockey game the other night.  I heard good things and had read about that car that crashed into the wall forcing the dining area to close for some time.  After a long wait I was finally here and I was not disappointed.

Initially, I had gone in for a hot dog but ended up ordering the Italian Beef sandwich.  I spent 10 years in Chicagoland and the Italian beef sandwich has been one of the things I miss most aside from friends.  The owners son, working the counter, told me flat out they had a great beef sandwich.  That was enough for me.  

As my order was in the works I chatted with the owners son and another guy working.  We talked hockey, hot dogs and about the car wreck that destroyed the wall.  Great, friendly people.

When my food was ready I sat down and dug in.  The beef sandwich was great an on par with those I had in Chicago.  It was made just right, the juice was tasty and the beef and bread were great.  The hot peppers made a great touch (you can also go for sweet peppers or none at all).  Dazzo's makes good fries too.

Dazzo's is a fantastic mom and pop restaurant.  The food is great and the workers are friendly.  You can't go wrong.  Dazzo's is a must.  Put Dazzo's on your "to do" list if you have not been here before.  I will back.  No doubt.
This is a HUUUUUGE airport. 
We flew in from SJC and had to get on our next plane to Los Cabos in less than 20minutes; and it was chaotic. The gates were too spread out and we had to run like crazy. Thank God they gave some of our passengers an extra 5 minutes to get our passports stamped else, we would have badly missed our flight. (they had to call the tower for that to happen)

And coming back to Sky Harbor from Los Cabos was another some sort of mild nightmare. The Customs line took forever...and going thru security again was a pain in the butt. And as expected, based from our first trip, finding the gate was another ridiculously long walk. Having a bad hangover and a sore body from Mexico and going thru that was just torridly painful picture to even fathom.

It's also quite shocking how the gates have so few seats. 

Their security dog was a beagle. soo cute. After sniffing my legs, he plopped himself down for a belly rub. he's still in training-that's why.
I went to this Fry's on Friday the 1/24/14 and I was there to pick up 2 veggie trays for a party at work. I picked up 2 veggie trays and fruit juice poured out all over my slacks and I was upset. I asked to speak to a manager. Now remember I said veggie tray not fruit tray, so when I explained this to a manager who finally arrived he said he was not sure why that happened and was going to find out what and how it happened. So in the mean time Jerry Cruz the manager wanted to know what he could do for me, and I suggested he pay my cleaning bill but instead he offered to purchase the different trays I decided to buy. Thank you Jerry for making it right for me.
Salty Sow? What the heck is a Salty Sow? Apparently (after looking it up), it's an adult female pig.  Ohhh, makes sense.  Their specialty is in PORK.  Which I regrettably did not order but will next time. 

What appealed to me at the time was this crispy chicken over fried potato dish.  It was fantastic times 100.  I never had chicken this way before.  Basically its two big chicken thighs where the skin was rendered giving it a crispier texture.  The fingerling potatoes were fried and doused into brown gravy, which then completed the whole dish.  I killed it! Was sooo good!

I did manage to sample a little bit of pork belly my amigos had.  I thought it was juicy and succulent the way it ought to be.  

The menu offered some really creative dishes at an affordable price.  When you sit down and gaze at the decor, you thought you might be spending in the 20s but not really.  Ranchy chic is how I would describe the decor.  

Now that I finally gave them my thumbs up, I need to plan another visit.
Went to Postino last night. Had a great time, well with the exception of the crappy service. We had at least three waiters/waitresses. We had 2 glasses of wine, one of which was Brent's pick. Pretty awesome. Also had some Bruschetta. You just have to try it! Lots of unique offerings. Also had the salted carmel ice cream dessert. Yum! 

Would have given it 2 more stars had the service not sucked! Really recommend their waiters and waitresses spend more time at the tables, check up more often at the tables, and do a bit of up selling. Not once were we asked if we wanted anything extra. Hello? :)
Angel's Trumpet is a nice addition to the downtown Phoenix food and drink scene! I love the dog-friendly patio and the rotating list of beers. I always feel inspired to try new beers here because I can do flights of SIX delicious beers! 

Most of the food is great(spud tacos--delicious!) and service has been good each time I went. My only complaint is that it gets REALLY loud in there when it's busy. Loud to the point where you might be yelling for your companion across the table to hear you. Apart from that, it's a great place to hang out with some friends.
I love, love, love AJ's!!! Jason, the bakery manager, is a miracle worker! He made the perfect cake for my mom's 60th birthday party! We ordered a carrot cake with REAL cream cheese frosting and walnuts with blue & yellow writing and little sugar butterflies. And GLITTER!!! Yah, they have eatable glitter! And my mom the pickiest person I have ever met loved it! All I can conclude from this is that Jason must be an angel because I still cant figure out how to please my mom but Jason did it with just one cake! Anything I needed Jason was there like our own personal cake concierge. I would absolutely order from them again.

They also have Barb's Bakery cookies and Tammie Coe Cupcakes. I love that they support local small businesses. They are a little pricey but everything you get in return is well worth it!

P.S. Did I mention the cake was amazing? The absolute moistest carrot cake I have ever had and the cream cheese frosting... I mean it was real homemade cream cheese frosting not from a plastic tub. Sooooo yummy! I still dream about it... Yes, I know I have a problem.
This is the best Rubio's I have been to. 

The standard good:
Tacos- steak, chicken, grilled fish, breaded fish, shrimp, all yummy
Ice cold beer
Help yourself to the Salsa Bar with fresh cut lemons, limes, and jalepeños, too.

This location's extra goodness:
Cute Tiki patio...huge lighted tiki umbrella, and at least one other smaller tiki umbrella. I forget to take pix a lot, sorry! 
Exceptional customer service- especially the two dark hair young women. The cashier and the expo girl worked very well together. They served food to customers, kept everything clean, were quick and efficient during the lunch rush and did everything with a smile. I wish I knew their names to mention.

Try the new mango habenero ono taco! 

Good place if you have children.
During this time of year, as one would expect, golfing in Arizona can become a very expensive habit.   While it may be considered a weak sister to its relative down the road, Vista Verde, the Ranch track at Tonto Verde is a great golf course for a great price.   I would imagine Tonto Verde's other offering, the Peaks course, is just as good albeit a bit pricier.  

The Ranch was in excellent shape and has matured nicely from the overseed in October.   The course is very straightforward; in fact, I cannot recall a single blind shot.  Fairways were lush and the tee boxes were impeccable.  The greens were in excellent shape and rolled fast but true.  As others have noted, the fairways are wide and very forgiving for the higher handicap golfer.  But don't be fooled:  Strategically placed bunkers can and will wreak havoc on errant shots.  At 7,000 yards from the tips, the course offers a wide variety of long and short par 4s and par 3s and plays for the most part as target golf. 

The service at Tonto Verde was very personable and attentive.  As with most resort courses, the staff does all the work, from placing your bag in the desired cart to cleaning up your clubs after the round. The clubhouse is very nice and the locker rooms are well kept and clean.  Rangers do show up from time to time to chart the pace of play. 

Verdict:  Go and play the Ranch course at Tonto Verde.
I have only gotten take out there but overall have been very pleased.  Both the Steak' N Blue salad and the Chopped Chicken salad are good portions and if you order a large ,it definitely is enough for two people. The bread that comes with it is warm, fresh and has good flavor. Unfortunately ,more that a few times they have forgotten the extra chicken that I ordered and i was not pleased with the stuffed portobello appetizer. 

Overall, it is a good place to grab some dinner to take home.
Great food! I had the artichoke chicken pita at the recommendation of the owner. It was outstanding. Full of flavor & huge.
My belief has always been that at a restaurant, nothing matters but the food.  Service can be abysmal as long as the food is good.  Tandoori Times has changed my beliefs about this, and I now realize that service can be so amazingly terrible that it can completely ruin a dining experience.

Dinner started innocently enough.  We sat at a table not far from the bar, and our server started out asking us what we'd like to drink.  The server had a young kid with her, maybe 5-6 years old, and the kid was helping her with things.  I thought it was kind of strange, but I assumed it was probably our server's kid and that she couldn't find a babysitter for the night or something - no big deal.

I ordered a dirty martini, and our server went back to the bar to mix our drinks (she told us the bartender had already gone home for the night, even though it was only 6PM).  Since our table was near the bar, we could hear what was going on there, and within a minute or two, I heard the server asking the rest of the staff if they knew where the olive juice was.  After a minute or two of searching, the staff concluded that they were out of olive juice.  At this point, I expected our server to come back and ask if she could get me a different drink.  She didn't.  Instead, she started asking the staff what she could substitute for olive juice, and they concluded that saltwater would be good.  Ugh.  She brought me the drink and pretended it was completely normal and nothing was wrong.  I pretended I didn't know any better, took a sip of the drink, and told her it was beyond awful and it tasted like they had used salt instead of olive juice.  She acted like she couldn't imagine why this was, and she said that she would take the drink off of my bill.  When she picked the drink up from the table to take it away, the young kid I mentioned earlier bumped into her and knocked the drink out of her hand.  She spilled a bit of it on me, and most of it on the floor.  She then walked away and offered no help of any kind - no napkins or anything.  This spilled drink stayed on the floor _the entire rest of the meal_, and they never cleaned it up.  When we eventually left, I was tempted to "slip" on it, pretend I severely hurt myself, and start yelling about how careless their staff was, how they could be held liable for injuries, blah blah blah.  I just wanted someone to recognize that it was ridiculous for them to not clean up things that they had spilled, but it really seemed like they didn't care at all.

Anyway, the server asked if I wanted something else to drink instead.  I went for a gin and tonic.  When she got back to the bar, the first thing I heard was "What's in a gin and tonic? How do I make one?" Sigh.  Anyway, the gin and tonic turned out okay, all things considered, but at this point I was pretty sad from what had already happened.

Finally, we got to ordering our food.  Our server came over, asked what we'd like, and as we started telling her, we noticed she wasn't paying any attention.  She was just watching her kid and talking to her.  So, we got to repeat our order again, and this time she actually paid attention and wrote it down.  Yay.

Awhile later, our food came out - we got two naans (one paneer, one chicken), chicken tikka masala, palak paneer, and rice.  The naans were pretty average, nothing really special.  The chicken tikka masala was actually pretty good, and was the only decent part of the whole meal.  The palak paneer was some of the worst I've ever had, and I'm pretty sure they just emptied a defrosted bag of frozen spinach over some cubes of paneer.  It tasted like no spices or any kind of flavoring had been added.

In the middle of eating, we were interrupted by the server and her kid for a rather awkward moment.  The server made her kid apologize for knocking over my drink, and then they walked away.  Congratulations Tandoori Times on making our dinner that much more uncomfortable.

Our server didn't seem to care about anything throughout the whole meal - she never asked how anything was, if we needed anything, etc. When we were done eating, she came by and dropped off the check, without removing our plates from the table or even saying a word.  We had been charged an extra $2.50 just to have rice with our entrees, which I think is pretty ridiculous.  Anyway, I took out my credit card and she came by to pick it up, again without saying a word.  We left quickly, wanting to get our Tandoori Times experience over with as soon as possible.

When we left, I was pretty frustrated and angry, which is not how one should feel when leaving a restaurant.  I will never, ever, ever come back here again.
For those of you Napa fans... It's Press with an Italian twist. What an amazing, open, social atmosphere. Ample bar seating for mingling of the singles scene. Amazing drink menu - my favorite is the "julietta".  Definitely worth trying out.

I've been a big fan of the North in Scottsdale for years, and really like that they've mixed things up at this new location. Plenty of great appetizers, salads and pizzas... but my favorite - the house made pastas.  In particular, the short rib gnocchi - it's to die for. I haven't (yet) tried any entree items but they sound great.

So... on the negative side, the only thing I can say is I wish they took reservations.  I use OpenTable at the other North, which is super convenient.  At this location, you have to come in and put your name on the list.  Waits have averaged 30 minutes or so, so plan for that.
The concept of this place really appealed to me.  A sushi place where you can custom make your own rolls to exactly how you want it...what?!?!?  Thinking that my dreams of sushi creativity have come true I was very underwhelmed by my experience a couple of months ago.  

Walking into the establishment, it was okay.  There were quite a few tables that needed to be bused and the smell of the restaurant reminded me of like a hole in the wall Asian food market.  Not typically the best smell to entice an appetite but I kept an open mind.  The menu seemed clean and precise, just exactly what you would expect a restaurant where you can make custom sushi would be..here are the ingredients, mix and please as you wish.  So I did...

They pulled the rice out of the container.  It had already been placed with the nori and I was instantly hesitant on my order.  Just looking at the rice from behind the sneeze guard, the grains of rice looked like one cohesive blob of rice.  That's one thing I hate in supposedly "fresh" sushi places is mushy rice!  I continued my order...got the salmon with green onion, avocado and cucumber.  Those ingredients looked fresh so that was a plus.  The fish was decently fresh but not anything to rave about.

Here is the part that got me thinking a little more skeptically about this place.  My boyfriend ordered a chicken roll and ordered ahead of me.  Upon time to actually roll the sushi, she added the "raw" salmon to my roll and then with the same gloves added the cooked chicken to his roll before having the roll's rolled.  Maybe I am one of "those" people, but I would prefer not to have raw fish on my cooked chicken roll especially if they are two separate rolls.  Just imagine that the person wasn't my boyfriend who order in front of me or if that same person was allergic to fish...

The staff seemed okay...somewhat helpful but the lady who served us almost seemed annoyed that it was our first time.  I also didn't care for the chopsticks.  Splintered wood is not good for any dinning experience, but I did like that you can get your own soy sauce and amount of wasabi.  

All in all, my food was kinda bland, even with the extra flavoring sauces and the rice was, as I mentioned above, mushy and chewy.  Not a great experience and probably won't be going back or recommending this place either.  If I want sushi like this again, I'll just go to my local grocery store and pick up the pre-made sushi that basically has the same consistency, and taste.
Well, after raising hell and writing a somewhat threatening letter to the corporate liaison stating how I called the Health Department, Better Business Bureau, every news channel in Phoenix, and planning to write a bad review on every website possible, Budget Suites finally decided to refund my money.  I'm supposed to receive a phone call within 7-10 days, letting me know I can go pick up my check.  
I got lucky and decided to call a different Budget Suites becuz my experience with almost every employee at the location I got the room at was negative.  I was then informed that there was a corporate liaison.  Her name is Dana and she is a very nice person.  She's the only one I talked to that I actually liked.  The manager at the Yorkshire location, Brian, was very unprofessional.  I told him I was going to be homeless becuz of my money tied up at their establishment, and he said he would call me back and let me know what he decided to do, and he didn't even call me back to let me know anything.  I finally caught him at the end of his shift and he told me he was not going to refund my money and of course, I went off on him.  He HUNG UP ON ME!!  I called back and got no answer.....at a business!  Then when I did get an answer, they connected me to the wrong person, and again I called and he was gone for the day.  I couldn't believe it.  I can't believe theyre still in business. 
Anywho, thank God for Dana.  Now I guess I'll see if I get my money back soon.  I know that I will NEVER go there again and I will NEVER recommend that anyone else does either.
I'm never disappointed picking up a slice at Desert Ridge slices - the kids love  it, and I'm a fan of the NYC triangle slice too. Plus, I pick up all my weekly magazine reads in their shop as well.
Just about any ---bertos around town is going to be a good bet. It just happens that the Filibertos in my neighborhood semi-recently changed to Juliobertos, but I haven't really noticed much change in the food.

Anyway, Juliobertos is my go-to for a good, hearty, cheap burrito on the go. Their tortillas are really good, and what's inside is even better. I usually go for a bean-cheese-rice-guacamole burrito with tons of hot sauce which is awesome in every way possible, but if you're feeling like something so heavy you won't want to eat for the next 12 hours but it irresistably delicious I'd go for the Arizona burrito, which has Carne Asada, potatoes, pico de gallo and cheese. Although, I remember that one being way better when it was Filiberto's...
Yusef is a cool authentic Middle Eastern food place.

Mr K was right on his warning of wait time for the food, fortunately, ours came out in less than 20 minutes.  Time passes pretty quick in here browsing through the extensive selection of Middle Eastern spices, cheeses, halvas and other specialty foods.  

Solid rendition of gyros and falafel...but the sublime baklava is what will be drawing me back to Yusef...just the right amount of sweetness and a light touch with the rose water.

Tasty and cheap alternative for lunch with sandwiches going for just $4.99 and 2 pieces of buttery baklava for just $1.75

If you're thinking of grabbing a bite for dinner, beware that they close fairly early at 7pm.
Great burritos. Affordable, and fast, consistent service.  Why eat at Taco Bell across the way when you can have a REAL burrito here? Not really the place to take a date, and has a cafeteria feel but heck the food is good, and the prices are even better.
I arrived shortly after 5pm...happy hour is 5-7 Monday thru Thursday...being the only guest I have my choice of seating and picked a table for two by the window so I could watch my car (I was not certain if I was required to feed the meter after 5pm).  While I sat and watched my car with expired plates parked at an expired parking meter, 3 police officers walked in...When they were seated and I was comfortable that they were there to eat and not to arrest me, I ordered Thai tea and a Vegas roll...both were only average.  The tea was not orange in color or sweet as expected but rather chocolate in both color and taste.  Still hungry and feeling a bit adventurous, I asked Laura, my server, for her recommendation.  The Soy Maki roll was delicious! Tempura, avocado and cream cheese along with other mystery ingredients in a soy paper wrap. I will most certainly order it again as I anticipate coming back soon.  The bill was a total of $15.00 and when I left about 6pm the restaurant was over half full.
If I could give it a zero rating I would. We ordered a Dutch Mary (Bloody Mary with Ketel One), they put one ounce, yes one ounce of Ketel One in a 16 ounce glass filled with tomato juice. Total rip off, I suggest you frequent another bar.
My first visit to this theater.  Very posh, luxury.  We spent $100.00 for a movie and desert.  The popcorn is average, nothing special.  They :serve food and drinks right to your seat, but good luck getting the server to come back after the first time.  
Super ecpensive, not worth it.  I won't be back.  Its overrated ....
Really liked this place, would have given a full 5 except for the unmentionable "diner" ... The owner is a hoot and the facility is very accommodating. The best happy hour EVER... and plenty of room to hang out. I will for sure stay here again next spring!
Fantastic authentic Mexican food! Wow. I got 2 carne asada tacos. Only $1.50 each. The meat was tender and flavorful. Not fatty at all. I also got a horchata. Delicious!

Great customer service. Very friendly. I can't wait to come back and try other items on the menu.
This was a perfect way to catch an early plane...super close to the airport.

The main level lobby was very open, stylish and hip. Bright colors. This runs through the entire hotel. It's part of the W Hotel family, but more budget friendly gearing towards the airport traveler. 

The room was functional and well designed to maximize the space. There is desk space, a chaise under the flat screen TV and a comfy, white linen dressed king size bed. This was super comfortable for my short stay. 

The bathroom is sleek and modern decked out with Bliss Spa body products. I like that everything is clean and new - at least that is the perception. 

I was only here for a short time, but it looks like there are more amenities like a pool and fitness center.
You want  a testament to how good the food is? My entire family came to visit from the east coast, and after a couple of days of hearing complaints about the food in AZ, I loaded them all up to make the drive out to Archie's. Every single one of them got just what they wanted, and RAVED about the quality! I was made to bring them all out to Archie's two more times over the next five days, and each time better than the last! After their return home, I had several phone calls with various family members about how much they loved Archie's! Not how good it was to see me, about the food at Archie's! Suffice to say next time they are out here, we'll be parked at a booth at Archie's for a good part of their visit! Thanks Archie's!!
I am in Phoenix on business this week. I have been dying to try Elements, after meeting Chef Beau at a charity golf tournament. The view from the restaurant across the valley at night was spectacular. I love the lighting of the restaurant and the bar. They have the coolest patio heaters, and the bar was hopping.

Angela and Ken (if I remember their names right) were fantastic. Angela was extremely creative, and their selection of great whiskey and bourbon was really surprising.

I started with the Roasted Pork Belly. There were more fresh flavors to it than I can describe. I am a huge fan of hoisin, and this was perfect. I believe the adjective that was used was "Sic"!

I ordered the duck to follow that up. There was both duck breast and a leg. Terrific textures. The forbidden rice was really interesting and the whole dish was amazing.

Someone else at the bar ordered the warm butterscotch pudding torte, and passed it around. It was so creamy and decadent I could only have one bite. The coconut gelato on top was awesome!

Considering the crazy cool environment, the valet parking, and the phenomenal food, this was an absolute bargain. I will absolutely be coming back to Elements. Next time, I'll have to bring a crowd . I did post photo's of the meal on Food Spotting. This was a truly memorable meal.
I am so fortunate to have bumped into this company. As a real estate professional your biggest fear during the home inspection is if foundation issues are found. This happened to me all the time and buyers just canceled without doing further research. This time I had a buyer that wanted to do research and I was lucky enough to find Ryan Tracey at Arizona jack. I am a very busy person but he was persistent and made sure he got ahold of me. We did the inspection and I learned a lot. I used to say so many things about a property during the viewing process that I will never says again. As a real estate professional I suggest you save this number in your phone because you will need it. Thanks Ryan I look forward to working with your team again!
great food and great environment. feels a bit like miami, with the sparkling pool and waterfalls, then like polynesia with teak furniture and tropical plants. such a pretty place. 

we opted for the prix fix menu and left feeling stuffed and satiated. so delicious. i had the sea bass with polenta (grits) and it was just the right blend of taste and texture. she had the calamari pasta and i wasn't too impressed with her dish....which is rare b/c i rarely pick the favorite dish. topped off with gelato for dessert. and with our foodie couple double date, we couldn't have had a more pleasant evening. 

i want to give taggia a 5 star review but our waiter was really, really sucky. attitude is expected and easily dealt with at a mcdonalds in south georgia, but when you're paying upwards of 20bucks a plate, attitude is the last thing i want. but i mean, what can you say until after the food has arrived? i don't want to be critical only to have the server drag my fish across the toilet in spite. 

in any case, delicious food, less than mediocre service.
I must have gone to a different place, judging by the other reviews here.  I guess Monday night is totally dead at American Junkie.  We were tourists, with a 5-year-old in tow, and there was only one other table occupied by a lone diner.  No dancing, nothing going on, giving us a great opportunity to actually see this funky joint.

My daughter and I shared a salad with all kinds of goodies in it, plus a burger.  The food was terrific.  Drinks were reasonable, and the service was friendly and efficient.  

We would have loved to sit out on the patio, but the heat and humidity made it impossible, even with a misting system.  (And I'm from Vegas, which is not nearly as uncomfortable!) 

Great experience for my first time in Scottsdale, where I expected every place to be impossibly snooty.  Not here!!
They have awesomely flavored ice creams. But that's not even the best part about this place. It's always clean and cheerful inside the store. The workers are kind and friendly and it comes from a genuine satisfaction and pride they have from working there. 

My family loves going to Scooptacular because we always have fun there. There was never a time that we were disappointed at all. I would not be surprised when my daughter becomes an adult and looks back at fond memories of her childhood, Scooptacular would be definitely be a part of it.
Great environment, very streamlined and well... Posh!

The dinner concept is really neat.  They give you a list of items that are in season and you cross off anything you are not okay with.  Then at the bottom you can list any foods you dislike or are allergic to so they avoid those.  You can also indicate how you would like your meats cooked, rare to well done. This is not a place for someone that is not adventurous or for a picky eater.

We did the 7 course meal and each dish was very interesting and delicious.  I felt like I was a judge on the show Chopped!  It was so neat to hear them describe each dish they brought out that was unique.  The courses were spread out over a couple of hours so it was great to sit with a couple friends, enjoy the atmosphere, and try different foods.  Everything from escargot, frog legs, NY strip, wild boar, pheasant breast, and prawns.  It was a great variety of foods I wouldn't normally try.

As for price, it was pretty expensive.  My husband and I ended up spending about $250 including tip for the 7 course meals plus alcoholic beverages.  We didn't do the wine pairing however had a glass of wine and a couple cocktails.  We weren't stuffed or over full by the end mainly because they spread the courses out nicely.  Although the amount of food may not have been worth $250, the experience completely made up for it.  It was a fun and exciting improvisational dinner that we won't forget and we would definitely do it again!
We stopped in following a AKC dog show at Glendale Stadium.  I found Haus Murphy's on "petcentric.com" and called to ensure that they were open and were, in fact, dog friendly.  It was Easter and I also wanted to make sure that they would be open becuase it was only 11:00 a.m.  The woman who answered the phone said that they had a brunch, and although it was not fully set up yet, we were welcome to come by early.  She confirmed dogs were welcome in the beer garden (aka patio).  We arrived and were warmly greeted, they offered water and dog biscuits for my two girls, and also offered a special plate of "people food."  The buffet was terrific!  Great german specialities and my husband also enjoyed the roast beef.  The owner/chef came out and chatted with us.  It was an all-around terrific experience, and we will undoubtedly go back for the art walks and other events in Glendale just to visit this terrific restaurant.
YES! 

Thank you Salvadoreno for making my pupusa loving dreams come true! I just moved back to the valley after 6yrs away, having discovered and fallen in love with El Salvadorian food in the mean while. I was worried that I wouldn't find a good spot here as we some times lack in fine ethnic cuisine that isn't Mexican. 

I was tickled pink last night to discover Salvadoreno in an unassuming strip mall in Mesa (they have 2 other locations around the valley). The food was blissfully authentic as was the price. They even suggested a deal on the menu for 20 pupusas for $30. I might add this place to my bi-weekly grocery shopping list. I can't say enough about how happy I was to get real El Salvadorian food that hadn't been taken over by the flavors of Mexico, U.S. or Arizona. 

One of the family members who runs the joints was even there and everyone who worked there was quite friendly. I'm happy to support these guys. 

I will definitely be returning.
This was a Checker and now is Checker-O'Reilly Auto Parts. My battery died like most in the Phoenix heat...husband was at work.....so my neighbor helped out with a jump start, and I drove up with receipt in hand the battery was two years old and was on warranty and was a whopping $1.29 to replace. The gentleman installed it for me in the 103 temperature and never complained. I do know how to replace a battery....... but it was nice to have them install it for me. I would recommend to ANYONE!
We love this place!  Great food and the staff is friendly!  I had to write a review because all the reviews are about their pizza. Now don't get me wrong, their pizza is tasty.  But their Stromboli and calzones are amazing!  It's why I go there.  That and their cookizza.  Holy cow, it is mouthwatering goodness every time we eat it!  If you came and didn't think the pizza was all that, you have to at least give these options a go!
So happy to be the first to review this wonderful new Thai spot!

As I am the first I'm going to be a bit... verbose. That is my nature by default and here I feel it is somewhat justified, so pardon the upcoming lack of concision. 

I'm one of those who rates Thai food right after sushi as far as favorite cuisines go. As such, I have tried just about every Thai restaurant in the valley [and have many favorite dishes at varying places]. Thai Paradise is newcomer but it does a stellar job of living up to its name. 

The decor is pleasant, bright and vibrant. The chairs are the weakest link comfort-wise, but they're not major enough of a hindrance to prevent enjoying the food. It's pretty small and as such there aren't very many tables [I didn't count but I'd guess it wouldn't seat more than 20 at a time]. 

Went there to eat dinner with six other hungry [or, four hungry, two starving] yogis after a heated yoga class at the always excellent Inner Vision Yoga [just one mile west of this restaurant]. Upon arrival we ordered drinks and apps [Thai Iced Tea, Iced Coffee, "Thai Lemonade," crab puffs and egg rolls]. Drinks came out immediately, and were all delicious. I am not much of a coffee drinker but I would down one of those Thai Coffees any day of the week. VERY tasty [same for the Iced Tea]. The lemonade is homemade and tasted like it had lime and also some salt in it. I wasn't really crazy about the salt to be honest, as I LIKE the puckery sourness of lemonade. One diner said it tasted like a virgin margarita, and that's pretty right on.

The apps arrived and this was our first indication that we were in for really excellent service. The orders come with six to an order, which we knew would leave one person wanting in our party of seven... Not so! As the owner added an extra of each with no charge so we could all enjoy. The crab puffs and egg rolls were fantastic, but the real star of the appetizer course was the dipping sauce. Unexpectedly subtle and complex in flavor, clearly not a throwaway. Not that plasticy sweet n sour garbage you get at a lot of places, this was delicate but flavorful and perfect for balancing the richness of the fried food.

The entrées arrived very promptly and all were delicious. I am a fan of a lot of heat in my Thai food, but we were doing it family style so I couldn't order anything 'thai hot.' I'll be back very soon to try that level of spice so I can comment on it. As they were, everything was very tasty. We tried several old standbys: Pad Thai, [Tofu] Red Curry and Pad see ew. All were fabulous [though I wish we could've ordered them hotter]. We also ordered some of the place's special dishes that are definitely not Thai standards. 

"Rama shrimp" is fried shrimp in a panang-ish curry on top of fresh spinach and served with crispy noodles. Pretty great, unlike anything I've had before. 

My favorite though was the "Seafood Spaghetti" Ridiculous amount of flavor in this dish. Scallops, mussels, shrimp and actual spaghetti with some kind of INSANE sauce. 

Didn't get a chance to try their mango sticky rice dessert, which is my favorite dessert in all of dessert-dom, but will definitely do so next time. 

The value of this place is phenomenal, great portion sizes for very reasonable prices. Clearly the owners recognize that serving amazing food at a great price is a recipe for success.

All in all I can't wait to eat here again and try more of the menu. Like, all of it.

edit: I just wanted to elaborate, as I've had some messages inquiring about the value... When I say value, I mean it! Seven of us ate for $67 dollars. That's including drinks and appetizers. Ridiculous, given the tastiness of it all.
I have a rental home in Chandler and needed to get a light fixture fixed because my tenants had just moved in and found an issue with one of the fixtures.  Dodge electric was very accommodating and took the initiative to ask for the tenant contact information and made the appointment themselves within a few days!  All in all, the customer service and work performed were high quality.  Thanks and we now have an electric go-to company! :)
If you live in the Casa Grande area there are not a lot of movie theatres, within reasonable driving distance to go to, and as a matter of fact this theatre is the only place to see movies in Casa Grande. Overall it is pretty much the same as any Harkins movie theatre. Making use of 14 theatres with digital projectors, this location is now able to also screen 3D movies. Each theatre has stadium style seating, with padded adjustable armrests.  While management is constantly changing, as are employees, it still manages to maintain an overall good sense of cleanliness and customer service. This location also has ticket kiosks outside and inside the theatre, but they have become a bit of a pain to navigate through since they update the user interface, making it quicker to simply go to an available window attendant.

As for concession, this location offers a wide array of snacks which includes: Dibs ice cream bites, pickles, pizza, white caste, soft pretzels, fries, chicken strips, nachos, popcorn, etc. As for refreshments, this location carries coke products, and offers: icees, bottled water, and energy drinks. These concessions are priced at about the same as any other theatre, meaning you'll still be paying a hefty sum if you get more than just a drink and popcorn. But this is where Harkins theatres bring frequent movie goers saving. Just like any other Harkins, this theatre takes part in Harkins customer loyalty program, in which a customer can purchase for $4.50 a plastic take home cup, roughly the size of a medium soft drink, that allots them refills for the discounted price of $1.50 every time they bring it to the theatre. In addition customers can also purchase a shirt for $25 and receive a free medium pop corn which can be upgraded to a large for a dollar more. Some discredit the savings, but even if you only go every now and then it is still something to invest in, especially if you're a local to the area as these perks are good in any Harkins location.

I go to this location quite frequently, and I can tell you from experience that it's busiest in the late afternoons of Friday-Sunday. This is the time that the theatres are usually filed with young adults. While this is not so bad at time, it can prove trying when you get a bad bunch of kids who keep talking, or kicking you seat. It is for this reason that I highly recommend going in the early mornings or early afternoons. This usually makes for a quieter, less crowded, and more immersive viewing. 

Matinee is before 6pm, where all tickets will be priced at $6.50 for an adult ticket. Any time after that the price gets bumped up unless you can provide a student or military ID, seniors also can get discounted tickets after 6pm. Also I would like to add that the large, and extra large drink and popcorn refills, which are advertised as only being good for same day use is false.
This would be a 5 star for the Home dept but the other depts bring the rating down. I usually have pretty good experiences in the Home Dept at Scottsdale Fashion Square, people are very helpful and will work with you if you have coupons. However, I must say the women's/misses dept customer service is not the same. I was making a purchase of several blouses, all on clearance and a very good prices only to have one of the blouses ring up as zero - it was no longer a stocked item so the price was not registering. When I asked the sales clerk what was up she responded that she would fix it so the sale and clearance price would be applied. She ended up taking another item that was $6 dollars more and ringing it up 2x saying that after the extra % off if would be cheaper??? I don't think so, she started tell me that she was doing me a favor and I really was gettting a deal. 

My biggest pet peeve is how can anyone in retail not know simple percentages i.e. 10%, 20% 25% etc? I ended up walking out and sadly have not returned since then.

Biltmore Fashion Square has fabulous clearance as well but I can honestly say their staff is not helpful at all. And since the Biltmore is a Dog mall, they allow snippy women with their snippy spoiled dogs run around and bark and snap at children.
I had sworn off Ethiopian food after not liking the bread at my first Ethiopian restaurant. This place has reversed my view. I just ate here for a second time in a week. I have had the beef and chicken stew. I love how tender the meat is and the spices they use. I also like how they prepare their collard greens. Their homemade cheese was a pleasant surprise--not as salty as I expected. I was happily surprised by the bread. I was expecting something with the texture of a sponge or carpet--not that I know what either tastes like. Their bread is slightly sponge-y but closer to crepe wraps. The ladies that work the front are perfectly nice. It's funny to see a mom and pop place like this next to a Papa John's Pizza. I am now a fan of Ethiopian food.
Pizza, gelato, tasty deli fixin's, wine, gift baskets...

I could easily and very contently live off of this little "grocery". There is so much to offer! I ordered the Stacked Turkey on nine grain and it came with a little side of fresh fruit. Bliss! The avocado was so fa-resh-- I felt like I was in Cali. I also snuck a bite of my friend's Tuna Salad and savored the tuna/tomato/apple/cucumber dance party in muh mouth.

The parking in the teeny lot was a bit obnoxious. Regardless, I'd kill to have a deli like this in Chicago. Panera just doesn't cut it for me now that I've been spoiled and hold higher standards!
I love to come here for the eggs benedict. The food has been consistently good for breakfast. Service has been good and bad, but management is always walking around to see how things are going. They have great bloody marys and mimosas. They also have a lot of healthy choices on their menu for those watching their figure.
I am really impressed with this tiny space tucked between office buildings. I am tired of the cardboard crap that Starbucks, Peets and the like serve  ,so I figured I'd try something new. They make a mean Americano - just what I need to survive an afternoon packed with meetings. Their pastries as HIGH quality and the ingredients are the real deal - cream filled puffs means you get WOW fresh cream not whipped cream or fake cream. I am a fan. Only problem - parking is a pain. I havent tried lunch here but judging by their pastry selections, I will be coming here soon!!
This place is such a great find and so close to my house I can take side streets all the way home:).  I love that it is BYOB... Michael and I brought a bottle of wine with us and proceeded to have one the of the best dinners I have had in a long time.  We started out with the Calamari Friti which was so tasty!  I cannot bring myself to eat the little octopi but Michael has no issues with that and gobbled those little guys up:).  I stick to the fried little rings and I am fine.  Then we shared the meatball pizza... I was kind of hesitant because I thought it might be whole meatballs on a pizza but it was not and I am still dreaming of this pizza the flavors and the crust were amazing.  I cannot wait to come back and try the pasta dishes and the calzones.  We ended our dinner with the Tira Misu... I think the moment our waitress set the desert down it was gone in 5 minutes.  This was such a great dinner and the price cannot be beat... including the $5.00 corking fee the bill totaled $35.00.  Not Bad!!
Great family atmosphere and the food is good, too! From the chips and salsa to tasty fajitas, delicious crispy tacos to just plain old rice and beans-everything was fresh and hot when it got to the table. We went on a busy Friday night and were seated in 15 minutes, served another 10 minutes later. That is great service for packed house. A bit of a drive from Scottsdale but worth it! Definitely take a large group here-the prices are great, too!
Attended a Local First Arizona Mixer here yesterday for Lunch, The service was fantastic, the food was so fresh and tasty and the salad was crisp and cut to just the right size leaves.  I hat stuffing my mouth with a half head of lettuce leaf.  We sat in the bar patio area which was very likable, had no problem with Parking either.
I give this place Five Stars especially for the food, thanks Hula's I'll be back real soon...
this place has been here for years and though I've lived in Phoenix all of my life I just started eating here about a year ago. I was kind of leery about trying it out. It's not in the best neighborhood and I figured the seafood couldn't be all that good considering this is the desert. 

Knock Kneed is a hole in the wall, but it's a great little hole in the wall. I usually get the shrimp platter with a side of fried okra and hush puppies. 
If you like hush puppies this place has the best! I often just want to go there simply for the hush puppies. 

I got my coworkers hooked on this place and we usually get lunch from KKL once a week and we don't work close to this place either. It's usually a 30 minute trip there and back, but worth it.
So I just don't think that I am a deli kind of person, it is just not my thing.

Last week some of my co-workers wanted to order in lunch, and since I am still kinda the new kid, I didn't want to really voice my opinion on our selection.  After I had agreed to be the one to pick it up, they picked Miracle Mile, and I couldn't back out at this point...so I decided to just go with it.

I got the Miracle Mile Special, which was a cup of soup and half of a sandwich and a side dish.  I got the Navy Bean soup, pastrami with coleslaw on rye bread and some potato salad.  I generally love Navy Bean soup....but this was so bland and brothy, it was not anything like the Navy Bean soup I have had in the past.  There was also no ham in it....boo!  The sandwich was good I guess, but I am not really a sandwich kind girl, so I just picked at some of the meat.  I will say the potato salad was good, but not good enough to warrant a return trip.

Since it is right near my office I fear I may be suckered into going here again, and I will muddle through on those days, but I can think of about 50 other places I would rather go first!
Red Hot Robot. Enough said. This place is the shit. Vinyl toys, Art Mags/ Books, and radical vintage collector robots ( I only wish i had the money to  collect them all.)

The owners rad, he designed the logo and did some art that hangs up in there... I asked him once if could bring in art to sell and was like yeah go for it. But I never returned with the pieces, im going to design school and i'm too busy for art. go figure. I'm going to start a collection of acrylic robots on canvas for the store.

I'm with Mr. K I spent a long time in there and didn't buy anything. Lets see if we can help the owner out.. IDEAS ANYONE? 

1.)  He should create a couple stages with stop action cameras so you can make your own movies with the toys in the store and you can only do this if you buy a toy there.

2.)  Red Hot Robot would double as a great exhibit for people who paint/ draw robots!

keep this list going, i love this place! next to stinkweeds too!
Great bar scene! Foods decent but the atmosphere, people, and beer make up for that.  This place has a great personality and is a great place to meet up with some friends.  Very laid-back feeling, almost like your hanging out at your friends patio.
Wow! We usedYelp review to find this yummy place. It was better than we expected. The food was delicious and the brother and sister team were very friendly and hospitable. The price was very reasonalble too.
The most scrumptious pizza I have ever tasted out of a truck; and it beats many traditional pizza restaurants as well. I tried the "Hottie" this past Friday at Food Truck Friday. Although the serrano peppers and jalapenos were not as spicy as I expected, the sausage, crust and cheese were deeelicious. Yum, I'm drooling just thinking about it. 

Can't wait til the next Food Truck Friday. Now if only my stomach were big enough for Pizza People AND Short Leash Dog, I'd be a very happy gal!
This is the place where the beer flows like wine.

Sorry Lloyd and Harry, you should skip past Aspen and head here. With what looked to be 40+ beers to choose from on tap, grab yourself a cold and frothy one on a moments notice. Order yourself some of their Rockin' Chicken Nacho's, a fig and goat cheese pizza, the southwest burger topped with roasted green chiles and Monterrey Jack cheese, or what can only be described as "Pig" on their menu. A 1/2 lb of bacon served with a side of dipping maple syrup. 

I've been twice now on a Tuesday for their Open Mic' comedy line up "Laughs and Draughts". $3 Santan brews, $6 Chicken and Mac n Cheese, and other nice priced bar foods to choose from like wings. As much as I want to love this local joint for a mid-week night of comedic stylings; unfortunately, I don't think I'll be spending too many more Tuesday's here. There's just something that seems to be missing. No, not the food. It wasn't the drinks, not even the service itself. That's right, the comedy. I'm not sure I laughed but 2 or 3 times the entire hour and a half I stuck it out. The saving grace was that the Olympics were playing on the TV's in the background, but I could have got that same olympic sized entertainment at my own home, and the beer is cheaper there.

If you're looking for a laugh on a Tuesday night, I'd try to stick it out til Wednesday and find your way over to Stand-Up Scottsdale; their open mic is usually worth the time and effort, and its put together in much better fashion - no run on comedians who don't seem to cut the mustard or know when to exit stage left. 

They do, from time to time, have live music or a DJ spinning records. Check out their main site for a calendar of events. While I can't speak on those particulars, I imagine you can't really mess up music too badly. 

I would like to leave you Yelpers with the following words of advice. If you're out for a great selection of tapped and bottled beer, wine, or liquor in a cool down town atmosphere. Race on down, cause you may have just won gold.

Happy Yelping Phoenix!
I love Mexican Soups, Menudo, Abondigas,tortilla soups, you name it! I found the Mother of all soups especially if you like seafood. Its called the Molcajete de Mariscos. Its a spicy shrimp soup served in a hot lava bowl. The bowl is made of lava stone and they cook it in the oven to heat it up and serve it to you piping hot with your choice of tortillas.
Very friendly owners. Great beer and wine specials. Unique neighborhood Bar. Awesome happy hour until 8. Highly recommend checking this place out!
The food is amazing!  I don't know where to begin.  The Chilean Sea bass was the best I've ever had.  I made the mistake of ordering the half order to save room for all the sides and desserts.  Next time, I'm getting the full order and bringing the rest home.  Now let's get to the sides and dessert.  Wow!  Lobster Mac N Cheese was a special side dish.  They did not skimp on the lobster.  It was plentiful and delicious.  The Asparagus risotto was equally delicious.  Now for dessert.  The chocolate torte was the perfect ending to a perfect meal.  The food wasn't the only thing that made the dinner special.  The wait staff was top notch.  Eddie Matney, the chef/owner was there and made sure everyone was enjoying their meal.  We will be back very soon.
These wonderful people did our wedding this past March and I just have to say it was an absolute joy and pleasure to work with them! Miles and his group were very accommodating and the flow of the wedding was fantastic. We had people come from all over and my cousins in Florida commented how great of a time it truly was! I couldn't be more happy. And to see my wife's face throughout it all...that was my joy. Thank you so much to these great people! I like how they were always consulting with us and kept it stress free. Pricing was perfect and spot on. We were able to pick and choose a custom package and the sound was awesome. It was the best I've ever seen and I would have no problem referring these good people to anyone!
DR Pepper-based BBQ sauce? Hmmmm! Try the Roasted and Smoked Long Bone Rib with Chile Cheese Grits. Everytime, I go to Scottsdale, at least one meal is at the Roaring Fork. This restaurant is a local's favorite and is tucked away on the bottom floor of a large glass office building. 

Inside, the restaurant beautiful southwest-style, dark and in the back are are all of their awards, accolades and a map of Colorado's Roaring Fork River from which the name is derived. 

If you aren't starving and decide to eat a more reasonable amount of food, their Rainbow Trout has always been great. Every entree is wood-fire roasted and you can see these ovens as you stroll through the restaurant. 

Last, RF has a great wine list and their service has been consistently great!
Awesome for having so much bike parking, awesome for having a cool place with lots of seating and lots of room. Why do they need so much room? because this place gets so busy it induces claustrophobia.

The atmosphere inside reminded me of the german restaurant Mark Rattner took Stacy to in Fast Times at Ridgemont High.

all in all, I thought it was an average place that was way too busy. I mean, it was like a rock concert crowd and took insane amounts of time to get a drink. Maybe it was a bad night.
I've never had a great experience at Macaroni Grill but decided to try it again since I heard their menu had changed.  The menu may have changed but that's all that's changed.  We sat for a good 10-15 minutes before the manager came over to take our drink order, saying our waitress was bogged down with other tables.  I looked around and the bartenders were waiting on other tables.  It looked like there were only 2 waitresses in the entire restaurant.
I ordered fettucine alfredo and was disappointed immediately when it arrived because they had ground up pepper sprinkled all over the top of it.  Why would any restaurant put pepper all over someone's food??  Well, apparently they did it to disguise the fact that their alfredo sauce has absolutely no flavor.  None at all.  I have had alfredo pasta at fast food Italian places and it's been better than this.  My husband ordered the chicken milanese and it was covered in some sweet sauce that did nothing for the chicken.  The best part of the entire meal was the potatoes that were served with my husband's chicken.  They were really good.  
Overall, it was a complete waste of an hour of my life and $45.  I will never go back again.
Oh, and P.S.  Who serves water in gross bottles with NO ICE??  Yuck!
Marble rum cake is to die for.  So is the tiramisu cake.  Recently they started selling macarons as well, for under $1 each, which makes a nice snack when you're craving some french cookies :)
Went here on a recommendation from a friend. If this is the best sushi Phoenix has to offer, then I'll never, ever eat sushi there again. It was a while ago when I ate there, but I made a note that the seaweed salad was terribly dry, the fish on the sushi was tough and rubbery, and the rolls were just lame. My coworker ordered teriyaki chicken, and the sauce was too sweet, and the overall dish pretty blegh. To make it worse, service was ridiculously lackluster. We were seated outside with a beautiful view of the cars passing on 32nd St, and actually had to go inside to find our server after being ignored for 20 minutes to get our check. Aaaanyway, will have to find a better place next time I'm back in town.
My husband and I have eaten Chinese food all over Phoenix, and hands down, Big Wa has been the best.  The BBQ pork with fresh spicy mustard is A-Mazing!!  We have ordered about 6 different dishes from here, sometimes totally blind and the food is always great!
Boba runs $3.99 per cup, very great prices. I go back often!
Boba is a blended / iced drink with tapioca pearl at the bottom of the cup. It's a different texture if you're not used to it, but it really adds to the drink. It has a honey taste to them.

The have coffee, tea and fruit flavors.
Also have a little sushi / sandwich shop with the Boba menu.

Flavors for the boba are
Mocha, Caramel Mocha, Latte, Vanilla, Cappucchino, Toffee Nut, Sugar Free Mocha.

Strawberry, Strawberry Banana, Banana, Sour Green Apple, Mango, Honeydew, Cantaloupe, Peach, Kiwi, Watermelon, Blueberry, Pina Colada, Lychee, Taro, Coconut, Passionfruit, Avocado.

Green Tea, Thai Tea, Black Milk Tea, Black Honey Tea, Chai Tea, Jasmine Tea.

Really something for everyone to try. :)

Also a definite must for asian themed foods.
I struggle with Hula's.  I want to like it so much and yet, every time I leave I always feel like my experience was a wash. 

The good: Their patio is killer.  It's probably one of the best in Phoenix.  They have great happy hours, especially on the weekends.  The menu has some very interesting and tasty sounding items on it.

The bad: The service is definitely only adequate.  It is easy to be forgotten about here.  Then we come to the food.  I said everything sounds great, but when it comes to taste, the flavors are just middling.  Nothing pops save for the sweet potato fries, but even those don't hold a candle to the ones at Fez or Delux.  I blame their sauces.

Given it's location, Hula's is a good place to go, but don't expect to be blown away by the food.
Well we came in on fathers day. The servers and bartenders defiantly didn't want to be here..

1. The cooler was down but they manage to work around that and had chilled glasses and stuck our tecate in some ice for a few minutes. 

2. Food was bland. And once again, another "New Mexican" rest. That taste like white people bland food. 

If you don't know what hatch, hot, green or   Red means--this place might be for you. If your a NM native- go to taco bell.
I have been vegan for almost 2 months and I am so thankful that I live close to Green! I first discovered Teese Cheese there, which they use in some of their dishes. Teese mozzarella tastes and melts just like the real thing! They sell it by the register to-go. We use the Teese all the time for pizzas and pasta dishes at home. I love their poblano hummus and pita chips for an appetizer. I absolutely adore their mock chicken; it is purse heaven. Their greenza pizza is fabulous, as is their kung pao mock chicken bowl.
The other reviewers aren't lying: this place is truly an easily overlooked gem in the Phoenix area.  It's certainly not much to look at on the outside, but as soon as you walk in, you can smell how good the food is going to be.  Truth be told, the head chef caught me sniffing the air when I arrived, and laughed a little when he saw the big grin split my face.

The menu is expansive.  There are pizza, sandwiches, calzones, seafood, and various pasta dishes.  I had the pasta Giovanni, a combination of sausage, chicken, and mushrooms with a tomato cream sauce.  Full and flavorful, as well as perfectly presented, I had a hard time not just devouring the whole thing.  My friend had the linguine special with sun-dried tomatoes and spinach with olive oil.  It was a far more subtle dish, but no less wonderfully composed.  The dish was not overly oiled and spinach tasted delightfully fresh, always a plus with spinach (the frozen stuff sucks).

As we started to slow a little, the chef came over with a plate of bread pudding for us to try.  Now, I'm not a desert person normally, but this was wonderful.  Far more savory that just sweet, light and fluffy.  A perfect final bite to end a wonderful meal.

It even turned out our server was one of the owners, and she told us a little bit about the place.  Throughout, she was very attentive to us and in no way overbearing.  Overall, this is a fantastic dining experience all around.  One of my best so far in Phoenix.
We have always enjoyed dining at On the Border, the last couple of times the service has been a little slow. 

The food was not up to it's usual standards. The bar area is fun! the TVs  make the time go by while waiting for the food. 

Overall, because we use to be a regular we will go back again and see how it goes.
I f*ing love this place! It strangely feels like home, hahaha.. What's not to love about this little cool ass dive bar? Cheap (CHEAP!!) drinks, awesome music (finally away from that top 40s bs).. Everyone is there just do get s* faced and dance to way cool songs only a few people (with great musical taste) will listen to and none the less know how to dance to hahaha. This place you can wear anything and go. They have a electronic gambling machine by the bar which is hilarious. The bathrooms are disgusting but whatever,  you'll probably be too drunk to give a s* :)
I absolutely love IPAs and they've got two arse kicking IPAs: Raj IPA and Hop Knot IPA. When I had one sip of that hoppity hop goodness, I just had to get another one and another. They also have ciders for your female companion who can't down the bitter nectar. 

As for food, I've only gotten pizza here, but after reading the reviews, I think next time I will have to venture out into other realms. This place has a rowdy atmosphere and you feel like you're at a real darn brewery. Not just some restaurant that wants to be a brewery. So bring a couple of beer loving friends and enjoy four peaks!
This is a Wags and as such it fits the profile of being an easy in and out place to stock up on all the goodies you need.  The Pharmacy can be slow but that is pretty much the story chain wide. Minus half star.

There is a really sweet woman at the fragrance counter who rocks as do most of the regular cashiers but PRAY you don't need anything at the Photo department.  They have lost rolls of film that my MIL made me take in (who uses film anymore?), they've lost digital online orders...........they are NEVER around!  You stand and stand flailing your arms about and nobody comes!!!  Just kidding.  I stand there........but it's true.  Nobody comes!  For that I deduct one and a half stars.
Lucky for me this place is right around the corner from the office. I can taste the tuna salad salad as I'm typing this... the poppy seed dressing is SO good. They also have great sandwiches and what not. I've never been for dinner or their brunch though. It's on the smallish side as it's located inside what used to be a home. That would be my only complaint. It's hard to get a small group of friends in there. I've always had good service and even though it tends to be a popular spot I've never had to wait more than 10 min which is great when you have a limited lunch hour.
The service was great we were greeted with a friendly smile and our server was quick and attentive.  We shared a caprese salad and pizza.  The caprese was good and hit the spot.  The pizza was good too.  I liked the crunchy crust but it was a little dry.  

We asked for some ranch and we were lectured on the fact that "real pizza" isn't served with ranch and they don't carry it.  Look, I understand that ranch on your pizza isn't for everyone but it chaps my hide when restaurants try to dictate how patrons should eat their meals.  The first I heard of this is when steakhouses refused to serve A-1 with their steaks because it was an insult to their perfectly prepared meat.  Seriously?  I think it's a testament to your food when you offer the condiments and the meal is good enough to stand on its own, but let the person eating the meal decide on that.  What's next, ketchupless fries?
The ambiance, the happy hour, the wine selection, food and service is what makes this place top notch! Always have loved this place before I moved out of Arizona, and when I come into town, this place makes me feel back at home!
Seriously, what's not to love about Trader Joes? I'm obsessed with so many of their store's products, the prices are CHEAP, the produce is fresh and I always end up with a gorgeous bouquet of flowers on my dining room table after a quick stop. The Trader Joe's pizza dough is wonderful, the wine is cheap and there's just enough stuff in the store to make anything you want but avoid getting overwhelmed. 

Plus, who doesn't love being recognized and rewarded for using a reusable grocery bag? I just know one day they'll pull my ticket from the fish bowl! ;)
My very first review. And it's only one star. Oh boy. 

So here's my story: 

Over the Thanksgiving holiday, I went to visit my family up near Albany, New York. I booked my flight through Expedia for the Wednesday before Thanksgiving to the Friday after. Short trip, yeah I know. After booking my flight, I found out that my brother and uncle were going up to Canada, and since Canada is one of the few countries I have not been to, I thought eh! what the hell, I'll just fly back home on Sunday. So I call Expedia to change my flight home. They informed me that I would have to contact the airline directly once I have started my flight (basically, call them from Albany and cancel/change the second half). Didn't sound right to me, but hell, I don't work for them, so I gave them the benefit of the doubt. I get to Albany on Wednesday and IMMEDIATELY call United to cancel the second half of the trip, having purchased another ticket (because I'm a firm believer in CYA (cover your ass, for those non-believers)). Spoke to a very friendly agent, and got the flight canceled and was informed that I would receive a travel credit to be used before November 2010. Sounded good to me, I hung up the phone, life was good...until today. I call United to find out the amount of my travel credit because I have a few trips to take in the upcoming months and figure no-time-like-the-present to use up the little flight credit. First call to United, the lady said, no, you have to call Expedia because that's who booked the flight. I informed her that I canceled the flight DIRECTLY with United and Expedia told me that anything regarding travel credit would be handled by United. Makes sense to me. Since it was the United employee in November that informed me I would have a credit with them. Nevertheless, after her putting me on hold 7 times, her story did not change. So then, I think, well maybe I'm wrong. It's happened before. So I call Expedia and talk to a pleasant lady named Rose. She reiterated that the credit would be directly with United, Expedia is completely out of the picture on this one. Soooo, I call United back and speak to a different guy. His story is that the information of my flight in November has been purged from their system and there is no record of it at all. (Yes, this story is SLIGHTLY different than the first lady, but it all goes back to NO travel credit on file for me and the only thing they see for me is an upcoming flight in April, although I have flown with them at least 3 times in the past year). If I had known today was going to go this way, I NEVER would have scheduled another United flight. As it stands, after April, I am done with them. Completely. It's not that the credit is for alot of money, because it isn't. But I travel ALOT. And if I can't count on my airline to keep track of my record for 4 months, let alone TWELVE, then I am not going to pay them. Period. I'm so aggravated.
I happened about this little gem during a recent Google search and boy, was I happy to find it!

My lady and I had an awesome guide (Ken) who was not bias to our city slicker attire and my inability to make my house go any faster than a slow crawl. We took the two hour ride up a cliff & a mountain with excellent views of Saguaro Lake. We even learned a little bit about the local flora, mainly painfully sharp catci and fauna, a dead pig. It may not sound exciting, but it actually was.

If you are looking for a good time in the desert for a bit of cash and like horses, than this is the place to go. Judgments will not be cast no matter what type of designer jeans you are wearing.
If you're in the neighborhood, it's not full of skivers having a session. Service was friendly and ample. Food was good. Exactly the pub we needed to find. A chat with a local Barney, the jig my daughter ripped into was heart felt, live music, and a boxty that tastes like my dad made it.
Good times, friendly waitress n mgr. Melissa is cool. Compd calamari after finding sum hairs in there. Bought my martini as well. Parm. Chips and drunken bread both good times.
Have you always wondered what the true potential of a popsicle was?  Me neither.

But if you did, you can find out here.  My Yelper daughter Emma W brought us here to @PaletasBetty and we were wowed. Awesome fresh, natural, vibrant flavors.

I think we've been back here almost every time we're back in Phoenix since the first time we went.  

Some of the flavors are so good you can't wait to have them again, like blackberry-lavender or key lime.
Went to try those pretzel hotdogs, and the bun was all moldy. Didn't notice until halfway through, so yay for a dose of penicillin.
Overall the food, service, and "diner" atmosphere was good, friendly, and clean.  We went here for the first time and enjoyed our breakfast.  Our waiter was friendly, refilled our drinks often, and was personable.  The food was quick to be delivered to our table - we had blueberry pancakes and an omlet -   We will go back!
This unique sushi/martini bar features a 50% off menu from Tuesday until Saturday during Happy Hour! While perusing the menu, the servers actually bring out blue wasabi for the sushi. So that's where the name comes from.

As much as I had wanted to order a drink called Nice Melons, it wasn't half off for Happy Hour. So I went with the Berry White instead. Good Lord that thing was dangerous and tasted like a Jolly Rancher.

While I would have loved to order the Dirty Sanchez or Me Soy Horny rolls just for the sheer comedic value of saying those in public, at a classy bar no less, I wasn't too thrilled with the ingredients. So instead my friend and I split the Eating Nemo and the Wango Mango rolls. Along with a slew of appetizers.

We had two 8-piece rolls, three appetizers and three drinks for under $40 (and enough leftovers for a third lunch/dinner)! It was really amazing sushi. And it led to waaay too many inappropriate jokes. Good times.
I dream of the day I have enough riches that I can hang out in places like Royal Palms regularly. I mean the night I showed up, well it was night, but it was also pouring down rain, and even through all of that Royal Palms was pretty enough to make me stop and look around before rushing in out of the weather. I headed into the bar to meet up with a few folks and the interior is just a beautiful space - warm and welcoming, and very classy. Bring people here that you want to impress.

I, of course, had to order a glass of champagne and the lovely server brought it right to me. Perhaps she sensed I had been delayed at the airport that day before arriving to Phoenix for 7 hours? Or more likely they are just very good at what they do here. We immediately ordered since it was so late and I started with a pear, pecan, and blue cheese salad. For my main course I choose a seared Irish salmon that was served with leeks, tomato gratin, and a pea puree. It was all fantastic, but the tomato gratin made me want to invite the chef to move to LA with me. I mean no way could I afford that now, but a girl can dream!

We finished by sharing a couple of desserts and the one I chose was the Florale. It was made with lychee mousse and was quite light and just a bit tart. All in all a delicious ending to a delicious meal.
If you're looking for the diametric opposite of Sopporro or Pearl, come to the light side. Enter Hiro.  

It's void of a club scene, the quality of the food is stellar, and while it's not cheap, it's justifiable. Their udon, sashimi, salads, and rolls are all delicious, fresh, and expertly prepared. This is the place where my friends from Japan go to eat when they want Japanese food... that's right, no cougars or scenesters. Mostly Asians (always a great sign at sushi place), couples, and families. Oh, and their green tea is fantastic, as is their sake selection.

Hiro really knows its stuff when it comes to Japanese food, especially when compared to the other options in Scottsdale. I'd give them 5 stars, but the prices and total lack of atmosphere renders me a standard fan, not quite a cult follower.
What a shame. It has been 3 years since Mumford and Sons have been to Phoenix and they played at this mess of a venue. We had lawn seats and it was a cluster. We could barely hear the band out on the lawn. How they played for 90 minutes without someone who worked at the venue making any adjustments is beyond belief. It also took an hour to get out of the parking lot. Totally disorganized, never again!
I had high expectations visiting That's Amore and was a little disappointed!  Hands down, Gelato Spot is the best place in the Valley to enjoy Italian gelato!  We tried the peach and the limoncello flavors and they just were not as good as equivalent flavors at Gelato Spot.  I did take home a mini cannoli and it was wonderful...I would certainly go back for another one of those!
Hands down the best bar in Tempe.  Live music on the weekends, great food with a hat tip towards authenticity, a fun laid back feel, large open patio and outside bar.  Rula Bula manages to pull off the often difficult balance between great daytime eatery and fantastic late night watering hole.
I am torn as to how to rate 11:30.  I have had many, many a lovely morning/early afternoon here drinking their FABULOUS $2 bloody mary's and mimosa's.  Sitting on the patio drinking for practically free is NEVER a bad way to spend a Saturday morning.  

HOWEVER, if you want to eat, there are a million other, better places to go.  Local Breeze, Hula, Switch, Carly's.  All have amazing Bloodies and Mimosas with great food to boot.

I went in with a group of friends for brunch one morning.  The place was empty like a Filibertos after a raid.  Still, we waited incredibly  long times for our drinks, the order, and finally, our food.  The drinks were fine, but offers for refills did not come at all.

When the food arrived, it was...um, well, inedible.   After waiting 30 minutes for it, we were looking forward to some yummy goodness.  We had, after all, ordered practically one of each of the brunch specials.    None of it was good.

The conversation with the server went like this:

SERVER:  So, how is everything?

GROUP:  Ummm.  (Silence)

SERVER:  I will take your silence as a good thing.

ME:  Don't.

SERVER:  Excuse me?

ME:  This is bad.  I am sorry, I don't usually complain, but this is, collectively, the worst breakfast I've ever been served.

SERVER:  Excuse me. (He leaves)

This is why the place is getting three stars and not none.  The manager came back just a few minutes later, chatted with us for a moment, apologized, and comped all five meals.  Completely comped them.

(This is not a good strategy for getting free stuff, incidentally.  The food really was awful.  Free awful food is still free, but more importantly, its still awful.)

Of course we left our server a huge tip, and got the hell outta dodge.  

I will still say that the drinks are great, the Bloodies are some of the best around and who can beat $2, and the pancakes are good.  Reaaallllly good.   But the rest...mmm, not so much.
Great happy hour and a too die for ruben dip appetizer that I wanted to beg the chef to give to me. (although I didn't I believe I can re-create it just  fine and maybe even tweak it a bit) The waitress (who's name escapes me right now) was fabulous and did I mention they have a kick ass happy hour. On Wednesday happy hour is pretty much all evening so double score! I will definitely be back to visit them again soon even if it is just for some of that tasty ruben dip!
This was just ok. I got the steakhouse salad, which came with four pieces of meat the size of quarters. I'm sorry, but that's no $13 salad. I had to send it back, because I asked for the meat to be cooked through and it was rare.

My dining partner said her pizza was tasteless.

It was very loud.

In all, it was too much money for what we got. We won't go back.
Ohhhhh wow this place was AWFUL!!!! I found hair on the plate and the sushi tasted disgusting!! The rolls were so blase and boring that the waitress could not even identify what they were! My fiance and i could not stomach to finish the rest of our order and left nauseous. Really really bad food!! I love nigiri style sushi and I was excited they had sea urchin on the menu, but even that was disappointing at best. If you are a fan of real sushi and not California roll crap, please don't waste your time here. I have honestly had better fresh sushi at the sushi bar in the grocery store :(
G/f and I stopped in last week for happy hour specials. Service was friendly but a bit slow for how not-busy they were. Atmosphere is modern and a bit upscale. We ordered fried calamari and vegetarian spring rolls for an appetizer. They were, to be honest, so-so. The spring rolls were 90% breading and 10% spicy delicious something I wish they'd put more of in the roll. Go to Oregano's down the street for superior calamari. I had a Thaitini, which was fruity and not-too-strong. A good or bad thing, depending on your mood and palate, but I actually wish it had been a bit stronger. The g/f had the "ginger binger" which was actually my fav. thing we got. A ginger beer mixed with rum and/or vodka...what an idea! All in all, a good enough happy hour sampling session...I would go back w/ g/f for dinner sometime.
My wife and I moved to the South East Gilbert area about six months ago and it's been nice having this Costco so close to our house.  I stopped by the other day to pick up a few things for the week and the man at the door checking cards was very nice and pleasant.  When I showed him my card on my way in he said, "Good morning, sir.  How are you today?  Thank you for the card."  It was nice to have someone who is polite standing at the door instead of the usual employee who doesn't talk but just nods as you enter.

I got all of my stuff, checked out pretty quickly (it was 10am on a weekday so the lines weren't long, but this Costco is like all of the others - it should be avoided on Saturdays and Sundays if you don't have time to wait), and when I left, the same man who greeted me checked my receipt.  Again, he was pleasant and happy.  I thanked him and went on my way.

This Costco is just like every other Costco, but, so far, I haven't had any troubles here.
Nestled in Tempe, on the same property as the zoo and close to the Botanical gardens is papago park.   The park has the very fun Hole in the wall, which you can climb to the talk as well as a man made lake that you can fish at, picnic at or just relax.  

I have always enjoyed coming here and it is a nice little place to go after the zoo or the botanical gardens
I want so much to love the Daily Dose.  It is in the perfect location for me to make it my go-to spot for weekend brunches.  But I just can't get 100% behind it.  Every time I'm there, I search the extensive menu over and over again for something that jumps out at me.  But every time, I find myself at a loss and just ordering an omelette or french toast or something equally banal.  I'll keep searching, but with every trip my hope dwindles.
CASH ONLY, PRICEY, LEAVE IT FOR THE TOURIST!
Some friends wanted to eat here, because their senior parents love this place and would be dining with us. So we met friends and senior parents here for pizza. Let me just say this was not my thing. 

CRAZY setup, you wait in a line and order your pizza. Then you go wait in a second line to order your beverages (paying separately). Then go sit at school cafeteria tables, in a VERY crowded, VERY loud dining room. Can't talk to anyone, the music is deafening. Packed WALL TO WALL with senior citizens. Which explains the taste.

Now I've had Chicago style, New York style, and even California style pizza. But this pizza is Nursing Home-Hospital style pizza; it's not good, taste a little better than a frozen Red Baron.

Organ music is good, would be better if not SO loud. Would be better if you only waited in one line for food and drinks and paid for them together. If these two things were different, I'd say worth a trip in for nostalgic reasons. Oh and it's CASH ONLY. So stop by the atm and pull out plenty, it's also pricey!!!
One of the best meals I had in 2012. Food was astoundingly good across the board.
I had already been quoted $1200 to repair 2 wheel bearings, sway bar connections & strut mounts by other shop. Joe evaluated my symptoms and showed me I didn't have problems with those. Instead only needed CV joints replaced which had gaping holes in boots. ( not found by other shop). Cost $400. I walked in telling Joe what I thought I needed so I was already sold. He would not take advantage. For honesty like that I will drive 50 miles to get.
Amazing Thai! I still think about this place and whenever I am back in Phoenix, I try to go here!
Yeah, it's cheap. But my shirts come back crunchy. Could be better, could be worse.
It was a beautiful morning, slightly chilly still, but it was sunny and I had a sweater on, so I elected to dine in the patio.  I'd already perused through the menu online, and when I saw that the menu had not changed, I knew I'd have the Power Ranches organic beef burger ($14), cooked to medium (was told it would still be pink), with Bravo white cheddar, subbged with plain aioli, Nueske bacon, house made pickles on the side, with house made potato chips with blue cheese fondue.  I decided against having a glass of wine and ordered filtered iced water, instead.

Other reviewers weren't kidding- this is slow food, so be prepared to wait!  If I had company, I'd definitely order an appetizer to help stave off hunger pangs- the artisanal cheese (choice of three) with fruits and nuts sounds delicious!  Will have to try this during snacktime (from 2p to 5p), where apps are slightly discounted ($2 off?).

Entree arrived-  what a beauty! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/LMdUoR00jPxQDWLYRq93FA?select=Y_QK_tR_PdaoNoXdHXyR4g#Y_QK_tR_PdaoNoXdHXyR4g  I immediately had to try a chip!  I did notice that the burger was was not cooked to medium- definitely not slightly reddish, not even slightly pink.  Nevertheless, it was juicy and tender, and just pure delight!  Loved the rustic bread used; the Nueske bacon (thick-cut, and such a treat...  I want to buy some to use at home- does anyone know where I may procure some?  Whole Foods?); and the farm greens and shaved red onion, as well.  

Was able to check out the interior on my way to the restroom to wash hands before dining and after... Oh, so charming!  What a great place to dine at while on a retreat here.

Hope to visit again very soon!
Went on opening weekend and it was busy and clean. The owner looked a bit frazzled but he got everyone in and out and kept the place clean. Loved the waffle cone concept in the yogurt cups and the spoons were cute and bright. 

Wish they had more variety in their flavors but it was opening week so maybe they will keep updating their flavors.

Great selection of toppings (so many to pick from). 

Loved the little outdoor patio. Great for people watching some of the West Valley's families. Especially the ones that came in wearing pj's, house slippers others had kids running around screaming eating directly from the yogurt dispensers. 

Hope they stay in business for a while. There are no other good froyo spots for that side of town.
a place with great food where they always remember me...how do you beat that????
This Jack in the Box location saved my buddies and I. twice this past weekend, as it was one of a very few restaurants open after we stumbled out of the Candy Store. I use the term "restaurant" loosely, but we are talking about Phoenix here.

It did the trick, and both times the guys working the drive through had all sorts of personality, the second one navigating a ridiculously complicated order and the errant moans from one of my over served friends.

The two tacos stand out as one of the great hidden gems on any fast food menu. And at .99$ they're  a bargain to boot!
Novelty aside, what I ordered was actually pretty good  There was a lot to choose from, the prices were good as well.  I can't say the next time I'm in AZ I would go back, or would ever go back, but it was worth the trip.  I had to pass on the two foot long dog, but saw a couple of other tables order it, and it is massive...call me crazy, but ordering a two foot hot dog named 'the big unit' after MLB Pitcher Randy Johnson just didn't sound that appetizing to me.
Bright, airy and friendly, Phoenix Sky Harbor succeeds at making lots of planes take off and land every day. This was the first time I flew through there. I didn't have to go through security, but the people I overheard chatting commented that security lines always seem shorter there.
So i have some friends in AZ but none of them wanted to hang so I ended up hear . The pizza is like the size of Jacksonville ,Fl (largest city per sq ft. in the U.S.)it takes like 10 min to eat one slice .
Phoenix Dent Repair is GREAT place to get your car back to its former glory!  They come to your place at your convenient time.  Jordan came out to take huge dent out of my Accord. He did a great job and very professionally!  Not your typical car guy.

If you have a ding or dent, give these guys a try!
While I am partial to good hole-in-wall Mexican food, I was pleased to find a nice alternative to tacos and chimichangas.

We sat on the patio, which is a great patio btw, to enjoy the beautiful weather before it's gone.  We ordered (yes, ordered) chips and salsa and guacamole.  They serve two salsas, both green.  The spicier one had the most flavor.  The chunky one was a little bland to me.  I had crab enchiladas in a chipotle sauce.  I asked the server if the chipotle was firey hot since I don't care for that.  She stated the crema it's mixed in cancels out the heat.  Not so, it still had a nice kick.  If you really can't tolerate spicy food, I wouldn't order anything with chipotle, however.  I like that sauteed veggies are an option in addition to the standard beans and rice.  They were fresh and still crisp. My husband had the lamb adobo.  He complained the amount of lamb (it was still on the bone) was insufficient given the bowl of adobo sauce and the price.  We are not exactly light eaters mind you.

While some other Yelpers have noted service issues, we had a fantastic server..pleasant, efficient, attentive without being intrusive.

My complaints.  Offering chips and salsa, yet charging.  Why is it that a $10/plate restaurant offers them complimentary, yet this restaurant charges when their meals are nearly $20?  To me, this is like expecting your customers to pay for their bread basket.  Desserts were lacking.  My husband had the flan.  I'm not a fan, so I didn't try it, but he wasn't overly impressed.  I had the chocolate tamale.  For some reason, I expected it to be a sweet tamale.  Instead, it was just chocolate cake in a husk.  Not bad, but not heavenly either, evidenced by the fact I didn't finish it, a rarity in the dessert world for me.  Other offerings were ice cream and chocolate cream pie.

I'm sure we'll return since it's so close to us, but I'll bring my own chips and a bottle of Pace next time!
What is there to say about starbucks. 

Great drinks friendly service and a great place to get some homework done!
= = = = = =  CLOSED  = = = = = =

Lola Coffee here, home to a fun Yelp Office Hours event a while back, has closed but the place has reopened as a similar business.     :-)
Great neighborhood sushi place. We love the service of this family owned business. Try the Arizona Roll YUMMY!
I am giving La Canasta 4 stars mainly because of location and their chips.  

I work in the Executive Tower at the Capitol and if you have been in that area, then you know that there are like no options for lunch other than the cafeteria at the DES building or the cafeteria in the basement of the Executive Tower. Frankly, there are some days where we want to escape the building but don't want to risk going downtown, which makes La Canasta a great option for those days.  Also, if you want political gossip, La Canasta is a great place because you can see the whos-who in politics at lunch and possibly overhear some good tidbits. Or you'll just hear staffers like myself and co-workers complaining about our jobs!

As I mentioned previously, the chips and salsa are delicious at La Canasta, but the rest of the food is just OK. It's nothing spectacular that warrants a special trip.  Soda and iced tea are $2.25 (unlimited refills) which is a tad high in my book.  The patio is nice to sit on especially when your office has no windows.  However, today upon leaving, we saw three birds on a table eating off some plates that were sitting on an empty table. I could have done without seeing that.
Best pizza in Chandler if you like thin NY style. For pan/ Chicago hit Oregano's. 
Anyway, the ingredients are primo. I like the pepperoni (small but slightly thick and very flavorful) and sausage. The mozzarella is prime but placed intermittently so order extra chesse if you like your pie completely covered. 
We have eaten here several times. They will give the kids some dough to play with which keeps them occupied. Salads are tasty also.
In summary: Patsy is the bomb !!!!
The food at the Rustler's Rooste was just ok but the ambiance was really fun. I had the steak and enchiladas...why I chose this I'm not quite sure. I had already said I wasn't having mexican in Arizona. Oh well...the steak was good and the enchiladas were as expected..ok. The best parts of going to the rooste was the very fast slide to the bottom level and the free cotton candy at the end of the meal. It was a total surprise and the strawberry flavor was yummy! The live music was fun too...played all the good classic country songs. It was a little pricey but it's a steak place. If you are staying at the Arizona Grand Resort they shuttle you over and that was nice. Not a bad experience overall.
Solid quality.  Rooms and facility are all clean and filled with quality furniture.  Location?  Central.  Whether you're here for an ASU event or for a weekend in Tempe, you're guaranteed to be within walking radius of the action.

I was here during St Patty's weekend and the location was just superb.  Mills St is a block away, and it's surprisingly quiet for how much screaming was occurring on Mills.  Working out is nice too-- the gym is small, but the pool is bigger and more usable than your typical hotel pools.  And I'd highly recommend going for a run at the Butte nearby (the hill with the big A written on it).

Staff are extremely friendly and professional.
1st Time in here and took a little bit to get a clue on what to do... Grab a bag, select the options you want...  

They do have many many options not avail in most shops, but you can def overdo it if u get 1 option fomr every darn subsection... 

We got the Ham n Swiss and wife got Roast beef.. Both were pretty darn good. We were there late lunch on Saturday, so hopefully the rush of customers kept the food fresh upon replenishment.. 

Will be back a couple more times before adding this to the rotation.

Also note. Most of the employees are younger kids.. take it for what its worth.
----------------CASH Preferred.  Credit Card -- $10 minimum---------------

This is important if you're a single as most things on the menu are less than $10.     This place does not have filtered water or even water from a tap.  So, don't forget to grab your drink and pay for it with your food.  I didn't realize I could not get a cup of water when I ordered/paid for my food, so I ended up drinking a bottle of warm water in my car when I was done eating.  Meh.

This restaurant is down a street I would never drive down.  Most people would probably never pass this store in their commute to any place in the Valley.  The restaurant itself is located inside of a middle eastern (maybe Islamic/Kosher/?? as there are no pork products in this store) grocery store.  You will not see the name "Al-Hana" on the outside when you drive up, so don't be confused.

I had lunch here last week with the Yelper lunch UYE group with Rand H. I tried their chicken schwarma and the fatoosh.  Both tasted very good to me.  I thought the chicken was over cooked, but the flavor was still there and exceptionally good.  

The fun part about eating here is exploring the grocery store and standing out like a sore thumb.  I loved checking out all the products.  The herbs and spices you find in whole foods for astronomical prices are not so expensive in there.

I would love to go back and try this place, when I have cash on me.  I hope the 2nd time is the charm!

----------------CASH Preferred.  Credit Card -- $10 minimum---------------
I agree with Dan.
I'm not a fan.  

This maybe a good place for a sushi novice, as many of their rolls to contain Krab!
Camelback Mountain was arduous but once you finish you feel a huge sense of accomplishment. This was my first time ever going hiking and what an experience! I went on the Echo Canyon trail which is supposed to be harder.

Parking is very limited. There will be a lot of people there so you might get lucky but I didn't. There are about  35-40 parking spaces. You can park on an area on 56th  that is a few minutes from the main entrance. From parking to the trail is about a mile walk.

You will sweat. Now is not the time to try to be prim and proper because by the time you make it back down you will look awful, but in a good way because others there will be able to empathize. You will have to crawl, scoot, and use what ever means necessary to climb especially if you're a novice. Believe me, some of the rocks there got very familiar with me! There is railing and fencing at the beginning but after that it's all nature!

Dress lightly, bring lots of water, proper shoes, and a positive attitude. Climbing up can be just as difficult as climbing down so it's great to stay optimistic. I used my boyfriend as motivation since he was leaping on the rocks like a billy goat!

Don't rush. If you are in regular health and new to hiking it will take about an hour to make it up. Sure you will see Bodybuilder Bob but don't let that hasten your hike. The rocks can get slippery and if you rush thinking you have superhuman abilities, especially if it's your first time hiking you can seriously hurt yourself. And don't be fooled that it will be easier going down, go down with more precaution than you used going up.

The people there are great. They will encourage you and talk to you. So good luck and make sure you take lots of pictures once you make it up the top because this isn't something you want to miss out on for pictures!
El Chorro revels in location, location plus amazing views. However, flimsy plastic menus and glassware are easily outshined by crystal and service at the Stockyards. Hmm, sticky buns might be a tradition but the historic Wigwam had a basket of diverse muffins, with blue corn and jalepenos. Pardon the comparisons but the historic lodge only has a few peers in the valley. Kudos to the landscaping designers for the desert compacted soils for overflow parking; their commitment to a natural setting is also evident with the electric recharging stations!

More about the food: the vegetarian meal has great flavors and the salads are huge standouts: the heirloom tomatoes and hand pulled burrata salad are perfect.  Overall, the menu comes with large doses of carbs (scalloped potatoes, risotto.) Beau enjoyed the pork tenderloin.

Enjoy your drink at the bar with a nice oversized wine glass in lieu of a modest glass stem on the table. Dining room tables are a bit too tight to enjoy the desert view and ambience. 

Recommendation: Check out bar & happy hour eats before committing to dinner.
If you are into dinner and a show then this is the place to go to for a great evening of food, wine, and entertainment., Teppanyaki cooking is also known as hibachi. In Japan, food preparation is an art form and teppanyaki is no exception. The chefs at the Honmachi toss their knives and the food in much the same way that Tom Cruise did glasses, cocktail shakers, and liquor bottles in the movie Cocktail, which has, since my visit to Honmachi, become less impressive. No offense, Tom, I hardly saw getting hit with a Lemon Drop as life-threatening, but what do I know. 

Despite the seeming dangers, which include all the above as well as a bit of a show with fire, it is actually very safe and a lot of fun to boot. The food is awesome and is cooked to perfection. The sushi is delectable (try the ahi sashimi -- it's always been my benchmark for good sushi -- you won't regret it), the steak melts in your mouth, and the seared ahi is amazing.

In addition, try speaking a little Japanese when you're there. Don't be afraid of butchering it -- just think of the Styx song, leave off the Mr. Roboto part and you'll be in good shape. The staff all appreciate your trying to say thank you in their native language and will respond with a little Japanese themselves. 

All-in-all, I really like this restaurant and rank it right up there among my favorites in the Chandler area. My advice is to make a reservation before you go, if you want to be seated at a table with a teppan (the grill). Have fun!
This is a pretty good place. My wife has been going to this place for years, and knows the owners and waiters quite well. Its her favorite place in AZ thus far. The food has always been consistent as well as the service. Some of the waiters have been there as long as the place has been opened. Once you have been there a few times, and they get to know you it turns out to be a fun place to go.
Was in town for a few days and a friend told me we had to go. 
So we did. 
The flavors overwhelmed me! There are so many and they are so good! You can try as many as you want. 
I heard it was the talk of the town nowdays, but had a rough start. But thumbs up and props to the owners who kept on pushing through it all. 
It's not in the best location- nothing really next door to attract people more into the place, but the taste does that for you. It's an authentic kind of ice cream style similar to gelato. 
It's known to be one of the best in the country... and I would agree. One other place Ive had better ice cream which was in Santiago, Chile. 
It's clean, organized and efficient. It's definitely a sweet republic! I will be back here the next time I come out to visit. 
Ive had the salted butter caramel, the Madagascar vanilla, coconut, and the strawberry...all of which were incredible. 
It's a worth the few extra bucks. Go on in and give it a scream!
The only reason I continue to patronize this location is that it is located within a mile of my house.  The new Walgreens on Kyrene is much better stocked and doesn't have the shady characters and teenagers hanging out in the parking lot.  Even some of the cashiers at this location look a little sketchy.  The pharmacy staff is extremely slow and incompetent.  The have a variety of food stuff but I don't trust any of it since I have inadvertently bought spoiled milk here twice.  Really the only thing I get here now is booze on the weekend or candy for the movies.
The only reason they got 4 stars is because of their 3D.  The theater is very nice, and the seats are nice (more comfortable than Harkins in fact).

In all fairness I am comparing their 3D to IMAX's 3D.  I saw The Hobbit in IMAX Real 3D and it blew us away.  Seeing Oz in Real 3D was not the same, and the 3D was not as good.  

For non 3D movies I would probably choose AMC now over Harkins due to the comfortable seating.    

As with any movie theater the prices were insane.  $4.75 for a bottle of Dasani???
I have nothing but good things to say! Took my kids for Pho for the first time and they loved it! I had the vegetable pho, my daughter, the traditional beef pho, and my son, the absolutely dynamite seafood pho. All of the side veggies were fresh and added a whole other dimension to our meal. The service was excellent and the prices are so inexpensive it's a real value! We will be back, for sure!
My experience with Ted's was not a good one this time around.  It had been years since I had been  there  and I was not all that impressed back then.  It did not even make it on my "if I'm ever in the neighborhood again" list.  But recently I had a craving for a hot dog and decided to try Ted's again.  I ordered a hot dog a  brat and a side of potato salad.  The hot dog was average at best.  The brat was RAW on the inside and inedible.  And the potato salad was completely tasteless and most of the potato's were hard from not being cooked long enough.  Even though I did not have a good experience I'm still not ready to check them off my list.  Although I will never drive from Phoenix to Ted's JUST for a hot dog like I did this last time I will at least give them one more shot if I'm ever in the area again.
No bueno!! I dont recommend this place. Its no where near authenic mexican food.
Relatively clean, although the parking lot may make you think it's not.  Open till 11.  Extra star for Marketplace (you can seriously buy furniture here) and the fact that I used to get my hair cut here when I was a kid.  It was a Smitty's then.  Before they remodeled the entire front end of the building and replaced the space with a cafe-thing and a BofA branch.  

This is now my most convenient ATM, actually, even though the parking lot is a huge pain to get out of.  Bell Rd. traffic is such a drag, man.
Let me start by giving this place some props. The first time I tried Oink was at the New Times Phoenix A'Fare and I had their bacon donut...and it was AMAZING! So fast forward to a couple weeks ago, the BF and I went to Oink for breakfast. I had the bacon eggs benedict with the honey bacon. It was good, but the hollandaise was a little on the sour side. The eggs were cooked perfectly, however, which I can appreciate. The somewhat downfall was the BF's breakfast. He got the pancakes with bacon inside and they just weren't that special. I make pancakes with bacon inside at home that are better and more flavorful....I do give them credit for their theme and for their creative use of bacon, but the quality of the pancake batter needs to be increased. Now, of course we had to get another maple bacon donut for later.....ohhh it was soooo goood! Overall, Bacon donut = 5 stars, overall experience = just okay, but I would definitely give them another shot if I were in the neighborhood.
Diner category 4 star joint.  Tucked off the beaten path unless your path happens to be a flight plan.  This place is busy on weekend mornings.

I've been a couple times for breakfast.  Good basics:  eggs, omelets, toast, potatoes, etc.  They are capable of cooking to order which is better than many places these days.  If you ask for your eggs scrambled lightly that is what you get.  

The atmosphere is diner meets aviation.  To get to the entrance you have to enter the hangar area close to the runways.  Fun!
Beware of the high cost of corn bread.  My husband and I have been to Phoenix City Grille twice before.  It's really great.  They have a wonderful happy hour and we went for brunch on Easter of last year when our first place brought out a plate of food that had gum on the plate.  (Rule #1 - Never put your gum on the plate.  It doesn't wash off or scrape off that easily. You are a lowly human being if you put your gum on your plate or linen napkin.  Use a disposable napkin or tissue.  Karma will pay back the people who leave gum on plates.)  

Our first two trip to Phoenix City Grille were great.  Friendly staff, delicious food, reasonably priced, and truly great happy hour.  This past visit left a lot to be desired.  Our server was friendly enough, (I believe her name was Sonya).  We ordered our drinks which she brought out quickly.  We ordered our food, and then waited.  The table next to us that was sat after us got there food first.  Not that big of a deal.  Then we asked for some cornbread.  Both times we were there before it was brought out to the table just a few pieces for my husband and I to enjoy.  We thought it was odd we had to ask for it.  She offered us individual pieces, or a skillet.  We asked or a skillet.  At no point did she mention that a skillet of corn bread was $10.  It wasn't until we got the bill and had to track down a manager that we learned if you order (yes order) the corn bread in individual pieces, then it is free.  However they charge for a skillet. I don't recall seeing anything on the menu that said cornbread in a skillet - $10.  The manager was gracious enough to reverse this over sight, but we did not see our server again for the rest of the time we were at Phoenix City Grille.  Another server, not even the manager who resolved our cornbread issue brought us our check, ran the card, and returned the check for us to sign. 

Things happen.  Sonya didn't mention the up charge for whatever reason, we disagreed that we had never had that happen before, and the she vanished.  I was a server for years.  People don't always agree with how a business is run, and it's the job of the front line (the servers and front of the house staff) to inform guest of what things cost wither by having a price on a menu, or by telling them up front.  I'm disappointed that the felt she had to run away from us. We'll go back, but now we know, beware of the cornbread up charge.
I've been coming here regularly for over 10 years; it's definitely one of my favorite places in Chandler.  I've enjoyed watching this restaurant grow over the years, adding chips on weekend nights and accepting credit cards.

Order the fish burro--you won't be disappointed, especially if you load it down with the pico de gallo, which is the best I've ever had (including homemade).   I'll be honest, we order cheese crisps and get chips whenever possible just to eat more pico.  It's just that good.
The pursuit of the guacamole burrito continues...

And now that I have moved to Tempe, I have an entirely new set of hispanic hot spots to try...especially since Poliberto's is right across the street from my new digs.

I am not seeing the shabby outside or inside that some of the reviews tout.  The building, the parking lot, the interior are all clean and well maintained.  The salsa bar is spic and span, the tables are clean and the trash is certainly not overflowing.  Even the restrooms are well maintained.

In the week I have been in Tempe, I have enjoyed Poliberto's twice.  Both times, it's with the same order:Guacamole, bacon, cheese, sour cream and onion in a tortilla...a guacamole burrito.  The price has varied both times I have ordered it...the first time $3.25, the second time $2.75.  The thickness (size) of the burrito also varied...the $3,25 version was smaller than the $2.75 version. 

Maybe the day version (smaller and more expensive) is different because the temperature is higher?  We can all make adjustments because of the sun! hehehe
Fondue always seems like a great idea.  I like cheese, I like cheese melted.  Melted cheese tastes good etc.
For a change we decided not to go to Melting Pot.  (Thereby already saving close to 50% off of our dinner bill).  Le Chalet had been written up before and had gotten good reviews so we packed a snack and headed out to the West Side.  For a starter we ordered classic swiss fondue, for one person.  Trust me, a one person order for four people is more than enough.  Everyone next ordered crepes for dinner.  The crepes were good.  Light and thin with a golden brown (buckwheat? flour).  The fillings were good and of course filled with cheese.  The crepes come with a little side salad dressed with a mustard vinagrette.  By the time I was done with the fondue and crepe I was ready to chow down on a ginormous salad if I could to feel less guilty.  Dessert consisted of two (we were feeling especially greedy that night) dessert fondues.  A classic chocolate ganache and a salted caramel.  If you get dessert, stick with the chocolate.  Both fondues came with cream puffs, strawberries, apples and brownie bites.  The salated caramel had no hint of salt and instead tasted more of a butter toffee.  It was good but much too sweet, it also had a slightly separated look where the butter was starting to separate out.  Overall, a good experience but I'm actually cheesed out for a while.  (A phrase I never thought I'd actually say).
I would definately agree with some other reviewers that this is an ambience place. At that, it is gorgeous. The food was pretty good but really nothing spectacular. Some interesting technique to put sticky rice on a kabab which gave the rice a nice texture. I saved up my OpenTable rewards points to go here on Valentine's day and ended up feeling guilty when we left. Staff was nice but I am all about the food and this place just didn't cut it for me, especially for the price/hype.
Delicious meal & original cocktails 

Pros:
- nice menu but fairly limited for vegetarians 
- awesome cocktails w in house spirits
- good wine selection & reasonable prices
- great service - super attentive & fun

Cons:
- Ono was slightly over cooked 
- hummus not very flavorful
Nice stadium, very relaxed. Everyone was friendly, we had GREAT seats behind home plate, and managed to find a free parking sport about 1/2 mile down the street. It is a bit of a way to walk, but we ended up parking by the minor league fields, and were able to watch their practice before the game. 

Three stars because you can't give three and a half. 

Only complaint is that it left me perplexed. You can only carry 32 ounces of beer at a time, yet the cups are 24 oz, so you can't pick up two at once. Seems a bit odd to me. They should adjust the rule or the cup size.
Delicious sandwiches! Amazing pastries! Must try
Nice find, tucked away in a non-descript area otherwise serviced by chain restaurants.  Great looking place - large, airy, and with plenty of seating options.  Bar is large and friendly. Busy. Friendly. Vibrant. 

The menu is interesting and varied, they sell a nice range of beers (including 'basics', which I appreciate - not just exotic brands). 

I had the seared scallop appetizer, and it was delicious. I also had the lobster taco. Quite possibly the best taco I've ever had! Had a real spicy kick to it, and it was ever-so-well assembled - was able to eat it without it falling apart. 

Though upscale/trendy, it's not too fancy and had a neighborhood feel to it.  The average age was on the higher end ... let's just say I don't think they card people very often here! 

I'll definitely be back!
Visiting from Cali, had dinner with some friends who lives in Maricopa.  From the moment you walk in, your nose is tickled with the fantastic smell from the open kitchen!  The four of us shared 2 appetizers; mediterranean antipasto platter and the cilantro jalapeno hummus...we almost fought to lick the plates.  Then my husband and I shared the falafel pita and gyro pita, deconstructed style...the falafel was phenomenal!  Nothing negative to say about this place.  The decor was unique, kinda street-art esque.  Wish we had one of these in Cali!
We tried Si Senor in our recent visit to Arizona, and overall, we liked it.  First, they brought out chips (1st basket is free) for appetizers with four things to dip them into, two chile sauces, beans, and a sour cream based one.  They were all yummy!  I ordered the Si Senor Combo plate which came with an enchilada, a chile relleno, a taco, and a tamale, all smothered under their green chile sauce.  I subbed the tamale for taco, and they were very accommodating.  The dish, overall, was good.  I would've liked the taco to be carne asada instead of ground beef, but it was still okay.  And for desert, our meal included sopapillas which was tasty.  Will probably try Si Senor again when we are back in AZ.

Overall, good food, okay service, okay prices.
First of all I am not a huge Sushi fan or even close to a connoisseur - however, on occasion the mood does strike. 

I really enjoyed this place, the atmosphere is nice yet casual, and the staff are really friendly. The Sushi is fresh, served in larger-than-standard portions and AMAZINGLY inexpensive.

We had 4 orders of Sushi and split a 24oz beer (forgot the name, but that was some damn good beer) all for about $20.

Definitely a spot I will frequent.
2012- I was hoping the handicapped issue would have improved this year but alas it is obviously not a priority. It was a fiasco. They wave us from one lot to another eventually we arrive at THE handicapped lot. But there were none left. Please note- it is an hour and a half before the game. Then they say you can park anywhere in that lot but that defeats the purpose. It is too much walking for my dad. So we go to the next lot over and the security gal says it is the players lot. Really? Why do the players need handicapped spaces in their lot? Hmmm??? 

So my dad slowly makes his way to the entrance of the stadium and there is his chariot- a terrifc Ex- NYC cop with a wheelchair. He was wonderful. Thank you Joseph- you made his night!  Then after the game Joseph came back and got him. He saved the night. 

Now, will we keep going back- probably not. It's too much of a hassle and no one knows anything. No radio people around outside the venue. (see review from last year just below) Inside the stadium there are a lot of people around to help. Not outside though. 

2011-Beautiful stadium. Beautiful location. Great experience. OK food- I loved the noodles place. Yum. We went to about 6 games and really enjoyed the night time games. Beautiful weather at that time of year too. 

One negative. Handicapped parking where are you?? We took my dad to a game and had the plackard so he wouldn't have to walk as far and we went early on purpose. They kept waving us on and once they made us park we were incredibly far away. My dad schlepped in. Once we got in I asked a person what to do next time. He said we had to have to find a person out in the lot  with a radio. They would get a golf cart, that would take him to the stadium and then they would wheelchair him to the seats. So the next time we went we tried to do what they said but trying to find someone with a radio was a fiasco. On the way out we did get him wheelchaired to the lot, and then golf carted to the car. Please make this an easier more obvious process.
I came in for a underarm wax and a pedicure and both were fine.  I obviously didn't have the experience that the low raters had.  
The woman who did my wax was very nice.  She was efficient and did a good job, while not painless because it is a wax, it was not any more uncomfortable than necessary.  
The pedicure was good.  The leg and foot massage was lovely.  The polish seems a little watered down so I don't think that will last particularly long, but I'm okay with that.  
The people who work here are all very nice and I had a nice conversation with the owner while I waited for my nails to dry.
This is by far the best movie theater I have ever been in. Why you may ask? 
1) reclining chairs 
2) soft blanket and pillow (I am usually cold in theaters so this was awesome) 
3) PLENTY of leg space 
4) it wasn't crowded as they don't even have many seats in the place 
5) complimentary huge bag of popcorn 
6) they come and take your order and bring it out to you 

The prices are a little high, but make sure to sign up for their free membership. This will save you some money ( I think $3) and give you a free movie ticket on your birthday. Coming here is def a treat. 

PS. there were no annoying loud making out teenagers in the place, which is def a perk from other movie theaters
If there were minus stars I would rate them even worse.  I was the first to arrive in my party as as there is no hostess stand I made eye contact with the bartenter who ignored me.  When we made eye contact again I asked if I should just sit anywhere to which he said yes.  Mind you its not busy at this hour.  I ordered a glass of wine and the next person in my party arrived and the waitress asked what she wanted and I explained to my friend that the red happy hour wine was X.  My friend asked what other red wines they had and the waiteres replied that X is a red!  The next person arrived and ordered a beer much to the eye rolling and disgust of the waitress.  I thought I would approach them and ask the manager to consider donating a gift certificate to an upcoming charity event but the service was so bad I didnt even want anything for FREE from them much less subject some poor person who bid on this item to be treated in the same horrible manner.  I've already told my friend in LA not to go to their place in Hunnington Beach due to my experience.  Bad service, weird food, weird space.  NEVER, EVER, going back
We went for a work party and I was expecting a mundane half hearted attempt to work up some smiles while downing a couple of beers and trying to make conversation, however it was swanky cool in this place, decent music selection, and kinda like cosmic bowling meets ultra lounge meets dave and busters (if that even makes sense). It was not easy to find and parking was a bit of a hassle as most downtown parking is, but they lost a star for location and accessibility. The staff was extremely friendly and they had a huge notch above what you would consider "bowling alley fare". Im currently still on my vegetarian kick so I did the green chili tacos and they were really good. I went for a work party, but I will be back on a date. Check it out for date night for sure.
This is one of my absolute favorite Phoenix restaurants.  Great service, even better food.  You must try it!
Oh what a happy day. 

This place has everything (if you oversee that it's in f!#@$g Gilbert, AZ lol)

The farm salad with thai dressing was OK but I'm positive that next time I'll have the fresh beet salad.

But this is out of the subject. 

The Fontina burger is delicious, period! Full flavor cheese, perfect meat, nothing not to love about this burger. (I didn't eat the bun since I'm trying to skip some carbs but it looked great).

The onion rings are the best I've ever tried. Not that I'm a big fan of onion rings but this ones are a mandatory dish.

The place is family orientated, nice and modern decor, the bathrooms are interesting, btw. They have some weird decor (I won't spoil it, check it out by yourself). 

The price is pretty decent (if you oversee the gas to drive to f!@$#g Gilbert, AZ lol).

A great place that worth the trip.

I'll be back soon.

Cheers.
Lenny, Lenny, Lenny. I've had your take out, love the flavors, but you kinda mess up my order. Every. Time. I wanted Thousand Island and got BBQ. I wanted a double. And got a triple. FOR THE LOVE OF BEEF...THREE PATTIES IS JUST WRONG! Julia Roberts couldn't fit that stack o beef in her mouth. And she's got a big ass mouth. Seriously. And why do I like your fries? They are reminiscent of Ore Ida. But that's cool, cuz I like 'em. And if you could slow down when slapping my toppings on those de lish sizzling patties...messy is good, but I eventually just made a salad out of that last burger. Chopped it all up and ate it with a fork. And eventually, my fingers. So Lenny. I think Squiqqy is distracting you. I know you're the Lone Wolf and all, but focus, focus focus. Who on earth will get this 80s reference wins a free drink. On me.
I have been to this place numerous times over the last five years.  Yesterday I went in
and asked for soup and a half sandwich.  (I have gotten this in the morning for years). 
A new managerish type came up to me after ordering to inform me that the standards don't require the soup to be made for two more hours.  I said I was confused as I had gotten it on a regular basis in the morning.  The employees  behind him told it was already ready.  Huh?  He then brought me a soup with a salad which I did not order.  

I finally got my regular no thanks to this abrupt annoying manager.

Other than this new manager, I have always been very happy with the good and service.
So, why 5 stars. Well, first of all I loved the ambiance. It was an overcast, dreary day in PHX. Yet, inside this place was just really nice. My waitress, Victoria, was a 5+. I had the crab louis which was really good. And I had the Manhattan clam chowder which actually had a spice to it: surprise!!!

Think of where it is and what it is and you have to give it a 5.
I can't believe the great reviews this place gets. I think its reputation among people who actually care about good food was summed up by two separate concierges at our 5-star hotel when I told them we hadn't liked Don & Charlies: "WHO SENT YOU to Don & Charlies????" Its listing as a "steakhouse" and reviews referring to it as "steakhouse" or "chop house" leads you to believe this is going to be of a Flemings or Ruths Chris caliber, but it's absolutely nothing like that. Not. Even. Close.

I was with friends who are not foodies and don't go out nearly as much as I do, and even they were completely baffled why anyone would recommend it. I guess if you like (love) baseball you might enjoy going in just for the museum aspect. They certainly have a lot of balls (heh) and photos from the 70s. Nothing, including the cooking techniques, has been updated since then.

We had reservations and were seated promptly in the dining room -- two tables away from a large party celebrating the birthdays of a couple of small children. We immediately asked to be moved and were quickly and graciously relocated to the bar. This was fine with us, and actually was a bonus for one of our party since she had a burger from the bar menu which was the only edible meal.

I ordered a pomegranate margarita which was undrinkable -- too syrupy and sweet. Others had the prickly pear margarita and they said that drink was ok.

First out was the chopped liver which none of wanted so we sent it back. We had a spinach dip appetizer which was ok. I had a caesar salad, nothing special, the rest had the vinegar cole slaw which was deemed by all to be good but nothing special.

Then came the entrees. The gal who had the burger was the only happy one, but the "onion strings" that came with it were a joke. Gloppy strings of over-fried dough that looked to have sat out for awhile before being served. Four people had the famous ribs and proclaimed them to be dry, meatless, and impossible to eat. I had the filet trio with three different "crusts." The little blobs of meat were dry and flavorless, and the "crusts" were just dabs of some kind of mixture that added nothing to the meat. The only one I got any flavor from was the dijon mustard one, and that was kind of overwhelming. The twice-baked potatoes were huge, but so dry and tasteless.

This is the kind of food that was considered gourmet back in the 60s I suppose, but they seriously need to update things. I've been to throwback type places that at least serve good food. The concierge told me, politely, that they would only send their "over 60" clientele there, and then she said, "But I'm practically a senior citizen myself and I don't like it AT ALL."

This is a place you can definitely afford to miss.
As the announcer comes across the PA system to jab a delayed flight notification spork into my neck I immediately stand up, don my backpack and drag my carry-on behind me like a ball and chain to soak my sorrows in suds.

A friendly old man greets me and I chuckle when he refers to me as sir.  I ordered the biggest Sam Adams and a chicken sandwich that would hopefully be low enough in calories so that I'd be able to indulge in a steak dinner tonight (if I ever make it to Dallas) and keep my caloric count under 3000 (thanks Sam Adams).  Surprisingly the chicken was tender, juicy and the bread was lovely (I happen to be a bread expert by the way).  Onions were perfectly sauteed and the basil offered a subtle unique flavor.  I'm going to try and replicate this at home.

Another beer please!  And YELP...1/2 STARS PLEASE!
Made the mistake of coming here on opening day.  Not a good idea for someone with anxiety issues.  They had a bunch of really good deals, but I fear it is probably going to be the same as going to Walmart.  And I HATE going to walmart.
Good Chinese delivery!!
The coke still has a funny taste. I was hoping after they remodeled that that would be fixed.
I was fairly unimpressed with Carrabba's this time around. It had been a few years at least since I had last tried it, but I do remember it being better the last time I had it. Maybe it was just the dish that I had, but it was pretty average and too expensive.
This is now my favorite sushi place in the West Valley.  I looked at several reviews (thank you yelp!!)  to find good sushi after going to that aweful place in Westgate.  What really caught my attention on their website was their happy hour.  Not only do they have a variety of nigiri, plain rolls, and special rolls... They also have $5 appetizers and beer specials.

The sushi was great and tasty.  Service was decent, but they seemed somewhat aloof.  But what do I care?  I just found a restaurant to add to my regular list.  =D

Oh and btw, I'm giving it 4 stars because it's not one of the best sushi places I've been to, but it's definitely great for West Valley.
Casey keeps things going here!  Friendly smile, happy tacos and burritos, and conveniently located across from Adobe golf center.  Cheap eats!
Had dinner here last night. We used to go once a week and have dropped back a bit because of the service. PJ knows that the food is good and the price is right. They pack the house even though the servers treat you more like a nuisance than a valued customer, which is why they don't improve (and the only reason I knocked off 2 stars). I know they are all super-emo-cool but come on, there are lots of places to eat and the economy is bad! Treat me like you're happy to see me spending money in your restaurant! I have high hopes for the soon to open Desert Ridge location.

The chicken and hummus and lavosh shawarma were right on, as usual. You might be aggravated with the staff but you won't be disappointed with the food. Carry out anyone?
Squish food, thats what we call it, you walk in, pay for a small, medium or large bowl and a drink, go through the salad bar type line, picking out your meats and veggies, this is where the squish comes in, compressing the food in the bowl so you can fit more in, then take it to the grill and they cook it right in front of you, just make sure they don't drown it in water.  You will be full when you leave thats for sure!
I can't believe today was my first visit to Giant. I took my two girls (3 mos & 2 1/2 yrs ) to meet a friend this morning around 830. As many others have mentioned, the space is incredible. It's got this great organic, very rustic but still modern feel to it that's relaxing and inviting. I could sit here with my computer and work all day long, every day. 

I ordered a blackberry muffin and an iced honey vanilla latte. The muffin had great flavor but was a little dense for my liking (though still very good). The latte was delicious. It took every ounce of self-control not to suck it down in two minutes. Normally iced coffee is my thing, but I'll be dreaming of this on a daily basis, I'm sure. Prices were fair considering the high quality. 

It's a few miles from my house and not open late-late (when I like to head somewhere to get work done, after the hus is home and the kiddos in bed), which means I probably won't be visiting as often as I would love to. Though as soon as the weather cools down and they've opened those amazing doors, you can bet I'm dragging my family down here for a lazy morning.

Well done, Matt!
I think the food is great. I had the az burger which was really spicy, but I loved it. The fries are good. It's a little pricey but I think it's worth it occasionally. I'd recommend trying this place.
First night in town and we decided on Mexican food. This place was recommended by the concierge thus we tried it. The outdoor dining area is terrific but was awfully dark making reading the menu difficult. The menu items were more of an "upscale" selection. Our dinners were fantastic, but I would prefer some more traditional choices, as well.
I'm updating my review from last year because the service is terrible. If you need to be in and out of there in a reasonable amount of time please don' to bother.  We drive all the way in from Chandler and they barely acknowledge that we are there. And we are somewhat regulars! Last night it was especially bad. I was seated initially by myself as I was waiting for my date. The all female about high school age waitstaff walked by my table at least 5 times, did not make eye contact, did not even ask if I want a glass of water. I was getting ready to just leave when a waitress came closer, I asked if there was anyone covering this section, when she approached the table with quite an attitude. She looked down her glasses at me and said "oh your waitress is busy and she will be right here." I said "I've been sitting here for over 10 minutes and NO ONE has even noticed." She huffed and walked away. My waitress came up right after and I reluctantly proceeded to order. We spent about $40 on pizza and a glass of wine. Very unsatisfactory customer service experience. Will lose business over this even though the food is great.
Blech. I wish I had that $3.83 back. I saw this place on Groupon yesterday, and the picture of the strawberry cupcake was so beautiful, I had to have one. I stopped by, and everything in the case looked pretty good. I settled on the strawberry, based on that Groupon picture, and its description - strawberry cake, filled with strawberry compote, and topped with strawberry buttercream. That description ending up being deceiving though. Everything tasted like fake strawberry, and the "compote" was that nasty gelatinous "strawberry filling" that comes in a tub. I'm not sure the "buttercream" had any butter in it at all, and if it did, it was overwhelmed by shortening. I ate a couple bites of the cupcake, then placed the rest of it back into the handy container to throw it away. It was just SO not worth the calories. And the price was outrageous for what are clearly low-quality ingredients (you'd be better off buying grocery store cupcakes). Maybe I just made a mistake by trying the strawberry. But I won't be going back to find out if any other flavors are better. 

When I left this place, I drove straight to Urban Cookies to get my fix. For just $2.80 I had a replacement cupcake that was far superior in quality and taste.
The prices are comparable to all the other area car washes. They are close and they do a great job. I especially love the turtles out back, though they probably need a bigger swimming area since there are so many. There was no wait at all.. In and out and finally have a clean car! No complaints. :-)
We've been 3 times in the last 8 days! It's that good.

The first time we went was a Saturday around 4:00pm. The place was packed and we almost didn't get a seat before our food was ready. We were instantly hooked on their food. My husband orders their BBQ Burger and I love the Classic Smashburger. The produce used is high quality and actually ripe. No yellow tomatoes here! The pictures you see of the burgers are a very good representation, not just some prop. Their Smash Fries, regular fries and Veggie Frites are yummy. 

The cashiers have been a little off each time we've been there, but probably because they are crazy busy. The servers have been super great, always accommodating and friendly. They also keep the place very clean.

As I stated before, the place needs more seating! Last night, we invited about 25 friends with us. (Not kidding!) The place was crowded inside, so we were trying to figure out seating arrangements on the patio. The manager came out to check on us & seemed a little frustrated by our large group, rather than grateful for the business. 

My husband tried to order a frosty mug root beer float, but they had run out of their IBC Root Beer. They also told him they ran out of meat earlier in the week because they have been super busy. 

I think once they get all the small kinks worked out, it will be even better.
I have been going to Ticoz for years and loved it! BUT... last week i went with friends and the place was empty... i wondered why... then the waiter came to our table... he was rude to my friend right off the bat... unbelievable! she was nice enough and laughed it off... it left a bad taste in my mouth. the prices have risen and the food quality had declined. i ordered the nachos for us and they were horrific. the peach salad was still good though... Ticoz.... seriously right now? lower your freakin prices, quit charging for salsa and chips... hire nicer staff... or your days are numbered... just sayin"
I have already eaten here twice and loved both what my husband ordered (The Pene Bos), a pizza with lots of meat and my calzone made to my preference (I ordered a calzone with chicken cutlets and mushrooms).

All of it was excellent and the price is very reasonable considering other Central Phoenix restaurants we have been to.  A calzone starts off at rouhghly $6.00 and the add ons are additional but very worth it.

There is something addictive about the sauces they make, so just be warned.  You can't untaste the goodness of it.
The Container Store is one of those places I go when attempting to create order from chaos.  Each time I visit, I find at least one amazing thing that I had no idea I needed yet somehow can no longer live without.

Each time I leave with things I did not plan to buy.  Yet, I keep going back.

I guess it helps that the store is very well organized (well, duh) and the employees are friendly, helpful and make excellent product suggestions.  Oh, and the shoe boxes are amazing.  You can buy them by the case.  Don't ask how or why I know this.

During holiday season, you can find fun stocking stuffers and great things for packaging and wrapping gifts.  I love the doggie wrapping paper and hope it will be back in stock this year!

I will keep going back, pursuing that fantasy vision of that perfect organized life.  I can do it.  I just need one more apothecary jar...  Or two...
Might have been great if the server ever brought us our drinks. Waited 25 min, said something, waited 5 more, and bailed. Not even crowded on a Sunday night.
Super sweet waitress! Free burger for my bday. My 8 year old daughter loves this place so we'll be back! I have 12 week old twins and the staff was very accommodating, even opening the door when we arrived and left. Not bad for a chain restaurant!
This is a great dog park! Its down University from my house, always parking in front, and is the perfect size for my doggy. Its closed in and all the dogs get to play with eachother. I love the tables and benches they have because I can bring my textbooks and read for an hour while Ari gets all his energy out. 

p.s. watch out for these 3 creepy guys with a white pitbull named Whitey. They are always drunk or high and try to hit on me constantly!! Stay away from them!

Besides them this park is full of nice people

But it sucks its closed on Mondays!
Beautiful venue, great location, awesome staff, and amazing food and drinks! Went on a Thursday night and the place was hopping with energy and fun. Fire apple cocktail with housemade cinnamon whiskey was sinfully delicious, fireball enthusiasts prepare for heaven! Crab fondue and the scallops were absolutely incredible and the boys raved about their ribeye steaks. We were greeted with champagne at the front door and our server paired some amazing wines to go with our dinners. We loved this oldtown gem, we felt literally " at home" as we enjoyed cappuccinos and Irish coffees in the outside living room right next to the fireplace. We will be there regularly!
I could have sworn I had Rally's before in my lifetime, but after I tried those fries, there is no way that I had it before because I definitely would have remembered it! The fries are THE BEST! The burger wasn't anything special, definitely can settle for burger king since it isn't much of a difference. They really do have a lot to choose from, but I doubt if I'll try, I gag at the thought of a chili cheese burger..*eek* 

Furthermore, I will be back for more fries!
The experience started out a little slow but quickly turned into a great time.  We had the Mushroom taco, Pork Taco and Fish Taco.  The Mushroom Taco should only be ordered if you are vegetarian.  The pork taco was outstanding.  I don't typically order pork but the people I was with did.  we all shared the tacos.  The pork was so good we ordered another order.  Good service, good food and decent prices.  A high recommendation.
After years of hearing about Binkley's in Cave Creek I was thrilled when Kevin Binkley open a new place on my side of town.  Bink's is amazing, by far the best food I have had in quite some time.  The vegetable side dishes all sounded so incredibly good, it was impossible to choose which to order.  I finally settled on the broccoli and cauliflower and I honestly cannot tell you which was more amazing.  I dined with a group of 15 or so and the only complaints I heard were about the size of the soup (it was really, really small, like maybe 4 bites) and the Burrata, it was pretty unflavorful and by far not as good as Burrata should be.  

Everything else was so wonderful that I cannot let those two little things get in the way of 5 stars.  Their house wine is also just $5 which is worthy of an extra star right there.  I recommend Bink's for groups and couples, they also had a really cute bar area that I could see myself dining solo at.  Kids may want to stay home unless they are older or you get a seat outside, tables inside are close together and a crying baby or unruly toddler would quickly interfere with others who are dining.

So next time you are doing the whole mid-town, ho-hum, where-do-I-eat routine try Bink's, it is a little further  (Osborn & 24th) but so incredibly worth it!
We received information that Gina's Homemade was just right around the corner from our house so we decided to place an order to go. We ordered the lasagna and the Pop's pizza. My husband told me it's not a "sit down" restaurant, more like a place to buy food, GOOD food to take home.

I have to say that this is some of the best food we've had, especially in an area where everywhere you go it's all food chains. The lasagna is UNBELIEVABLE. You have to try it. We ordered the single serving lasagna and we wished we ordered more. I can't express how delish it was. The Pop's pizza was also so delish. 

If you haven't tried this place, order food and take it home, you truly won't be disappointed.

I plan on picking up more lasagna today!!!!!
I recently had a terrible experience at the Bevmo on I-10 & Ray. I ordered a keg of premium beer for a 40th birthday & the transaction went fine. But when I went to use it, the keg put out foam all night! I did everything I was supposed to do from keeping it cold to tapping it correctly. We ended up going to Fry's and just buying beer for the party! When I returned the keg & explained the issues nobody cared. I spent over $180 on this keg. They said they'll check it with the company they get it from & see if it was bad & the manager would call me back...still waiting...I will never shop at Bevmo again after getting no compassion or a call back! Stay away from this store!
Perfect place for a low-carb dieter since you can get 8 pieces of chicken with no sides and it will be a hearty meal (with leftovers) for two.  I also appreciate the fact that they have sugar-free lemonade and ice tea available.  I loved their new tropical habanero sauce.  So spicy!

This particular location was not the cleanest but ok for a fast food place.  The person at the register seemed friendly enough so I have no complaints.
Always a great change from the typical sandwich. Thing is, there are so many other things that I could eat here. Went with my girlfriend who had the Mahi Mahi. Looked like a meal you would get at a high end restaurant. My fav: the Jalapeno Cilantro Hummus. So good! I could eat tubs of this stuff. Oh wait, I did!

Always leave this place stuffed, but never have that "I can't believe I just ate that" feeling. Okay, I will confess I had a Bosa Donut on the way home. Hey, It's 113 out what else do you do in Phoenix.
I wish someone had written something here warning me not to shop here, while the salesperson seemed very helpful after the sale was done the customer service ended and the nightmare began.  Buying here was the mistake of the year.

We got a white leather sectional couch, it arrived three different shades of white and with three different textures of leather ranging from very smooth to basketball texture.  It was like our couch was made from three leftover pieces they had.  We tried to get the store to resolve this but the sales person we bought it from only had a one week career there and the store manager said that there was nothing he could do.  It took us over a year to resolve this issue, and the corporate office had to send someone down to finally look at our couch.  He agreed that it was not right and they finally replaced the couch.  We ended up getting gray even though we wanted white because we didn't want to risk the same thing happening again.  So we ended up with something that we didn't want in the first place and it took a year of headaches to even get that.

Every time I drive by the store I'm reminded of the horrible experience.  It makes me never want to buy furniture again.  And I'm always tempted to stop by and make a sign and donate an hour of my day warning people away from this place.

If you shop here I hope you use this information to have a more constructive experience.
I am so glad you are here now!
First the good...service was friendly and fast considering that the place was ridiculously packed.  Unfortunately the high marks end there.

I had one of the most disappointing burgers of my life.  The meat was cheap and overcooked to a level I don't think I've seen before, even though I specifically asked for medium-rare.  The bun...seriously??  It was one of the worst generic cheap buns I've ever seen.  Not what you expect on a $12 burger.  The bacon was likewise cooked in a nuclear oven.  I like it crispy, this was just mostly inedible.

Beer selection was pitiful, so no reason to go for that.  Overall, there's zero reason for any person to ever go here.

Oh, I forgot to mention how over-priced it is.  Even if the food was great the price would be higher than other places with the same food.  Considering they use the cheapest ingredients possible, it should cost about half what it does.
There is no better old school-style Mexican food in the valley. The wait is never as long as your friends have complained that it is and the food is great! Get a pitcher (or two) of sangria and the enchiladas (red) with a fried egg!
Holy. Food. Batman. Thats all I have to say. I ate here with my extended family and out of the 9 of us that ate here everyone was extremely happy with the main course, the bread, the alcohol selection, dessert, etc. Our waitress was very friendly, knowledgeable on the menu and attentive. We ate on the patio which made for beautiful surroundings. All in all I can't think of anything I wasn't completely satisfied with.
i hope the owners and/or management read this review so they can be made aware of the terrible experience i had at noon today (2/21/13).  unfortunately i don't know the name of the female employee working during this time-she was on the short side with long, dark hair in a ponytail.  several sales were lost today due to her total incompetence. 

-


i should have known when i walked in and received no greeting from the barista that this was going to be a stellar time. 

there was only one other customer standing at the counter, and two women waiting for their coffee to be made.  

as i approached the counter, i realized that what i originally thought was a customer was actually a friend of the barista's. the two of them were completely engrossed in some conversation about who knows what while the barista finished the coffee for the two waiting women. 

once she finished, i waited for her to acknowledge me and take my order.  instead, she continued right on with her conversation with her pal, never breaking to say hello or even make eye contact!  instead, the two of them kept on chatting while she started making herself a coffee! 

meanwhile, another customer walked in and stood behind me at the counter.  the two of us exchanged a few perplexed looks as the barista/pal nonsense continued on with no end in sight. after several minutes of this, he decided to give up and leave. the barista took no notice of this.  

at that point, i glanced at my phone and realized i had been standing there for a full ten minutes! ten minutes, debit card in hand, standing two feet from the barista with not even the slightest acknowledgement whatsoever. 

was it possible that i died in the car ride to hava java and no one could see me? 

that was enough for me. i backed away from the counter and got the hell out of there. 

 
hava java-you should be absolutely ashamed at how this employee is treating your customers. i do not plan to ever return, and i'm sure the other customer who walked out will be thinking twice about where he gets his coffee from now on.
Jimmy Johns has got to be my guilty pleasure. Love the Beach Club and the salt and vinegar chips. This location is fairly new and it does the JJ chain well. Although they do keep the music louder than I'd like. Great place, great sandwiches.
Wow, always nice to find one of these out-of-the-way places that surprises one with the quality of the food and in addition, the quantity. Based on the other Yelp reviews a friend and I started with the ceviche tostada for $4.99. It was a heaping mound of ceviche comprised of fresh shrimp (small pieces but tasty), finely diced tomato and onion, and lime juice, with additional fresh limes to squeeze on top. For one person, this is, in and of itself, a meal. I could see having this with a beer or an ice tea and calling it a day but I'm not a skinny person eater, so I kept going!

Next I had a combo plate (yes, rice, beans and salad with the main entree) with a shrimp taco and a fish taco. Both tacos were substantial and the seafood was done right, flash fried so it was crispy and not greasy and they give you two  types of sauces, one a chipolte cream and then another hot sauce, which I prefer. They come in squeeze bottles so add as you see fit. There is also a bottle of ranch dressing that one can spritz on the salad, and hey, it was a good salad, fresh dark green lettuce, not just iceberg. The beans and rice are okay but nothing special.

Wait service was friendly and timely and as it was a work day, I had the ice tea. I look forward to coming back when I can  try some additional items, but with an adult beverage, like the mixed grilled seafood plate, that looks amazing!

The only thing that was not all that great was that, as others have mentioned, when someone plays a song on the jukebox, it is loud! If they could drop the volume on that thing by like 25%, it would be perfect but hey, for the quality of the seafood, I'll bring some earplugs and keep eating!

Bottom line, go for the ceviche, stay for the seafood tacos and other delights from ocean waters.
Very cool atmosphere. Love the lobby and rooms. I also love the bath products they give you. Bar is okay, no real designated dance floor. Sushi Roku is good, but very expensive
I have been here a few times because I have a sears credit card. New tires, breaks, and oil change. They seem to do it all and SEEM honest enough (if that's possible in car repair) They are very accommodating my only complaint is that they often seem understaffed and take longer than the original estimated time, however they are very courteous.
Good food; Bad Flies; So-So Service.

Tried this place with my family after the June 2012 write-up in Phoenix Magazine.  The restaurant was a little odd to find and the mandatory valet was interesting, but the interior is amazing.  The person(s) who did the building and interior design did a superb job-- the spot is very open, the revealed kitchen is fun (especially for an interested 4 year-old), and the artistic touches and lighting fit perfectly.  Not often I take notice of these kinds of things, but this is an exceptional concept place that way.

We tried the Chef's Board, Burrata Alla Panna (asparagus), Mafaldine (rock shrimp and long noodles), Margherita pizza, and buttered noodles. All were very good, though not remarkable.  Bread is for-charge and the water has an "interesting" taste.

The most offending thing was the flies.  We're talking lots of them.  And big ones.  And so persistent you might as well pull them up a chair and plate.  

When your little kid asks why there are so many flies an why they have red stripes and such big eyes, something went awry.  A kid should not notice the exoskeletonal features of insects at a nice restaurant.  Odd to constantly brush the flies away, just look around to see every other table doing the same.  It proved to b a sad, asynchronous dance for would-be happy diners.  We skipped dessert just to get away from the bothersome diptera.  If only the service staff was as attentive!

Waitress was middling at best.  Drinks were left unfilled for long periods.  Two plates came out too hot while the pizza was just warm-- our daughter's dish came out so hot that she would have burnt her mouth had my wife not tested first (and singed her tongue).  I also had to ask if there were specials because it wasn't volunteered... Maybe specials are a private and fabulous secret, here.  I didn't order the special soup, so not sure if it was indeed nirvana.

Would visit again if there was reason, but my wife and I agreed walking out that it wouldn't be worth a trip on its own.
I have been here once before and every time I go in they are very fast and efficient about getting my cupcakes to me even if there is a line. Even though it looked like the majority of their cupcakes were gone I asked if they had more in the back and they joyfully said they were in the process of frosting more which made me pretty excited..who doesn't want a freshly frosted cupcake? 

Anywho, I got three mocha cupcakes (my boyfriend/dad are big coffee fans), one red velvet (honestly the most AMAZING of the cupcakes, their obvious signature best), one chocolate with marshmallow (another favorite of mine, very tasty), and a milk chocolate (I have yet to try but it looks delicious). 

Although these cupcakes are pricey ($3.50 per cupcake) I am always impressed with the quality and moistness of the cake. It's also fun because they have specific flavors of cupcakes for each day of the week. I'd say I'm a BIG fan of Sprinkles!
The girls that were working were very nice
Overly nice
And helpful

Unfortunately, the cupcakes were overpriced and very average tasting.

I'll take Cake Cafe cupcakes anyday over these.  

They're open on Sundays which is a plus.
This is not real mexican food.

Who serves beans with chips?  The beans were good but the concept was not understood.  Even in Mexico they don't give you a bowl of beans with chips for an appetizer.  It was free though so plus for that!  The salsa was decent as well and of all the food we ordered (5 people total), the carne asada was the best flavor with grill tasting all over it.  Cute how they give you a "serrano" chile with each meal.

Everything else was bland.  My fried ice cream was not crunchy and way too hard that we couldn't finish it because we couldn't wait for it to melt more.  A little over priced too.
Awesome atmosphere!    Sitting in their darling bistro or outside on their patio, enjoying their delicious coffees & breakfast items was so refreshing.     Highly recommend, especially if you're out biking....   Roll on by!!
I was always a fan of the bar that was here previously - "DrinX", however it never really quite took off...

They have done a tremendous job converting this into Shotgun Betty's. We visited last night, and for a Tuesday night the place was fairly busy after 9pm. Expect friendly staff, good drinks, and great tunes. I have driven by here on the weekends and it is seriously over packed! Follow my lead and try this gem late on a school night.
How can I live so close to Sola yet it's taken me so long to visit this caffeinated paradise? Hidden among the quirky Old Town shops, Sola is an eclectic coffee house and when I walked in, I immediately got the feeling of less is more. The vibe is pretty bohemian and it's perfect to sit and relax for a cup of coffee or set up shop and work for the day. I took the latter route. The music playing in the background is soothing and entertaining without being distracting. While I was there, I tried the coffee and an iced tea made from fresh loose tea. Both were fabulous and and the tea was extremely refreshing. 

It was a rainy day and while that doesn't lower the 100+ degrees temps outside, there's just something about being in a coffee house when the weather looks dreary. They have free wi-fi which is a plus for most of the population and there's a variety of seating available inside and then some outside. The fact that they have plenty of outlets to charge your computer was a huge bonus that made me add this coffee shop to my list of work spots. So while it took me a little longer than I've hoped to find my way to Sola, now that I've visited, I plan on coming back over and over and over again...so get excited Sola!
My dreams have come true....finally a GOOD hot pot place in the Phoenix area!! (Shabu shabu in chandler is just plain crappy) When my parents dragged me to this place, I thought it would be another Asian hole in the wall place with unimpressive decor and ok to good food for cheap (you know Asian parents). Driving up to the location didn't help my expectations either - Tien Wong being located behind a cheap Chinese food buffet in a dimly lit plaza. I was so surprised!!

The place is so chic - some place I would love to take my friends that might be intimidated by Asian food. As for the food - also very delicious! We ordered the herbal house broth. We asked the waitress how spicy the spicy broths were and she described it as "on a scale of 1-10, it's an 11". So enter at your own risk! (we also asked a table next to us how spicy it was...they said incredibly spicy) If you want to take a taste, you can try to order the ying yang broth (half and half). I incredibly enjoyed the herbal broth and it brought out what I love most about Asian food - a medley of complex yet delicate flavors and numerous spices. In your broth, you have a series of aromatic spices such as anise, along with some flavors you would see in Asian desserts - such an aesthetically pleasing and interesting mixture that goes very well. The unfortunate thing is a lot of the flavors are diluted when they refill your broth with a general broth from a pitcher (given to all tables).

Now what to order...I highly recommend beef tongue. I've had it several places, but this is the first time I've seen it in the Phoenix area and quite delicious here, too! Beef tongue is one of those things that sound like you would never think to be good, but then you fall in love with it. It's very easy to eat! I also enjoyed the shabu shabu beef and ribeye. For noodles, you MUST get the udon. I'm pretty sure there's not too many people out there that don't love udon, and it goes especially well with hot pot. I also recommend the 5 spiced tofu...I seriously need to know how to flavor my friend tofu like this...and the fried mushroom tofu. For those unfamiliar with Asian food, for veggies I recommend bok choy, enoki mushrooms, and white mushrooms. For dessert, the green tea cheesecake was very nice to end on, although nothing to be wowed by.

What's best about this place? $5 for unlimited broth. Each place ~$5 of less for a very good portion. It was $18 per person for a 4 person that included 2 desserts (green tea cheese cake and strawberry cheesecake...$6 per place i believe). They also give you sugar cane drinks after you pay your bill! All in all, delicious, fun, clean and chic hot pot place. Great for groups, although I'm not sure if it's good for 2 people just because the portions are large so you could really only order 2-3 items. Will be taking my friends here, but this time for some Sapporo to go along, too!
Edit: You can't beat a good restaurant within walking distance of your home. You also can't beat the fact that this location doesn't have nearly the waits (if any) of it's southside counterpart. The food is excellent, the service is friendly, and it is spiffy clean. I love the green jalapeno/tomatillo salsa and the red chili burro enchilada style, but that is one spicy meal!

+1 for being close -1 for the firebomb it leaves in your stomach
This place is great, a true American breakfast joint. It looks as if it is family owned and some of them work here, which gives it a small town feel, yet it seems to be a pretty popular place in old Downtown Gilbert. We've been here a few times for Sunday b-fast. The styling of the place is true old-meets-new theme, which is pretty cool. 

Everything on there menu that we've had seems to be made of quality ingredients and cooked to perfection. The service is generally pretty good, we've had less-than-perfect service a couple times, but it's usually pretty good. They source there sausage products from Shriner's locally, which is great sausage. Their biscuit's and gravy are seriously some of the best you will ever have, the Turkey sausage is excellent and if you didn't know it was turkey, you would still think it is excellent sausage. The cheesy-potatoes (can't remember what they call them!) are usually amazing but we have noticed some times they are better than others.

My wife enjoys there espresso drinks, but they don't offer anything besides whole milk, and early on a Sunday we try to keep it light. Their brewed coffee is good as well. The only limitation they may have is the menu, there is not much other than basic breakfast combos and omelets, which are all great, but it would be nice to see sandwiches and other options. They do have an assortment of baked goods, which look amazing. They only offer scrambled egg's, which I like, but my wife likes her egg's over easy and she doesn't get that option.

Overall, for a great breakfast experience, Liberty Market is one of the best, EVER! The only place that may be better is Sugar Shack in Huntington Beach, CA. Definitely worth checking out if you're in the east valley.
Two trips to Fez and I am completely comfortable giving it a 5 star review.  The pour is heavy.  The food is delicious.  The service is great.  They let me smoke on the patio and have a drink in my hand at the same time.  I won't go into detail since it's all been said before but definitely try the chicken philo appetizer.
Love this theater!  Wished I'd known sooner that I could get parking tickets validated (up to 4 hours!).  Nice wide lobby, clean and bright concession stands and restrooms, and clean stadium seats.  What more can you ask for?
Great food, great price.
Good place to dine while in the Phoenix airport. The service is friendly, the atmosphere is nice, and the food is good. I ordered the grilled chicken stuffed pita with lettuce, tomato, hummus, and a vinaigrette. There are plugins too. Can't beat that.
Despite the fact that they tell you their beans are vegetarian, and put them in the vegetarian burrito, The Original Burrito Company makes their beans with CHICKEN STOCK. 

This is false information they are providing to people, and when people have moral issues with consuming meat, this turns into a huge issue.

I will never eat here again. I do not support businesses that are dishonest.
Outback is always a great place to be! Enjoy the atmosphere and the fantastic steaks while sipping your favorite cocktail. The wait staff is very polite and helpful.
I haven't much to say on the bad side of this place. We walked in, were seated and we were able to cuddle quietly in our booth for nearly an hour and a half. 
Over all a great experience!
Don't eat at Banderas in old town. Their servers are great but their "reservation" policies are wack!! If you have a large group, EVERYONE has to be there before they will seat you. So if someone is late and another group come in before your last person shows up, you'll lose your table. Corporations suck! Eat at locally owned establishments.

The food is average. I've had better.
So far I have only been to Chompie's for breakfast, but everything I have tried has been great.  The fitness omelet is amazing!  I also thoroughly enjoyed the potato latkes and on a third visit I treated myself to scrambled eggs and bacon with fruit.  I have also managed to snag bites of the eggs benedict, corned beef hash, french toast, chicken and waffles and pancakes.  They have yet to disappoint.

Now I need to come back closer to lunch time so I can finally try their mazah ball soup.  It looks delish!
3/5 decent, will probably improve.

just had dinner here after work, it was pretty deserted, but i guess that's standard for downtown phoenix. after awkwardly asking if they were open, i realized that it was an order, seat yourself semi-fastfood joint. which is an interesting option to their established "arrogant" neighbor. 

overall, i think it's pretty hip, maybe chic, if folks say that out here. the noodle lamp things are an interesting brand, as long as you don't accidentally associate it with strands of e.coli from AP bio, or wormsies. i think if they cut half of those lights out, then it wouldn't be so overwhelming, since the brand/style is quite easy to pick up, don't need to feel like all the tables are so perfectly podlike and replicated. i want to feel special, you know?

the prices are pretty affordable. i mean, yeah, generally food is cheaper out here, but the servings are good to share, as the tables are already set with red plates, white (durable and clothlike quality, i might add) napkins, and silverware!

the food. well it's italian pasta. ultimately (if not evidently) filling, but i resisted the temptation and took it to go (and plan to finish here in my room shortly). tried the pancetta and peas, though the pancetta wasn't browned very much, so it had that salty rawness to it that some folks aren't into. the side caesar came after it, though i'm sure in a couple weeks all the orders will arrive in the traditional order.

finally, gave them a quick tip that they shouldn't keep their plates over the range. if you're a cook familiar with oil-rich cuisines (frying, pasta, etc.), you'll be familiar with how after an amount of time there's just hella oil particles in the air, that settle over the area. it leaves a residue (read: grease), which unfortunately was also all over my nice white plate. was barely noticeable with the dim evening light, but probably visible during the day.

i'll have to see how it does the next time i am in town!
A fun and friendly place to take your kids, they loved the pony rides!
I will be honest- I didn't going into La Piazza al Forno with the highest of expectations. Just because a restaurant makes it on TV doesn't necessarily mean it will be an instant winner, but I was pretty impressed with our La Piazza experience. 

First thing that left an impression- everything came fast and piping hot. Seriously it seemed like we never had to wait more than 5 minutes for food. The wine list has a variety of reasonable priced bottles- $15 for a decent pino grigio- not shabby. The husband and I shared the toasted ravioli, good,but I could of used a few more (it only comes with 4). The batter was crisp and not greasy. Then we shared the Italian Stallion. My last "Italian Stallion" was a botched attempt to embarrass a friend by getting her a stripper for her birthday- and I must say this was a VAST improvement. Plenty of toppings, HUGE peperoni, and the perfect wood fired taste on the crust. For dessert we did the fried dough dessert after discovering they did not have the Italian Wine cake. Not earth shattering, but good to share. I think it is the same as the pizza dough, just coated in powder sugar. 

It is obvious that they have recently done a remodel and for the size of the place they make good use of their space. Friendly staff and a good place to sit and catch up with old friends...we will definitely be back.
My wife and I just moved to Arizona from California and are avid sushi connoisseurs. This is only the 2nd sushi spot we've checked out so far. We went to Kona Grill yesterday around 3pm which is when their happy hour starts. 

You have to eat within the outside patio and bar in order to get the happy hour deals on appetizers, rolls etc. If you dine inside you'll only be to order from the regular menu. $6.00 appetizers, and half price on select sushi rolls.

The outdoor patio is directly under the parking structure and have misters going the entire time to ensure you stay cool while you dine. A heads up for parking! We parked in the regular uncovered parking lot for free. If you choose to park valet in the covered parking its going to cost you $7.00.

This is what we ordered:
Drinks: 2 waters and 1 diet coke
Appetizer - Kona Calamari 
Rolls - Philly Roll, Atlantic Roll, and Fiery Shrimp Roll

Our take on the Kona calamari : The calamari was presented on a bed of shredded lettuce, and was a mixture of the octopus legs and rings. It also came with a dipping sauce. The calamari was not salty at all kind of bland but that was fixed with a few dips in the dipping sauce which was a bit tangy and  a few dips in  a soy sauce/wasabi/ginger mix.

Our take on the Philly Roll: We both liked their Philly Roll. It had a nice smokey flavor to it which were not sure if it was the cream cheese or salmon.

Our take on the Atlantic Roll: The crunchy tempura really makes this roll, it's not the best roll we've had but it was pretty good over all.

Out take on the Fiery Shrimp Roll: We both expected it to be hot based on it's name, but it's quite deceiving. First off there was next no spice or fire and there was little to no shrimp. 

Service: Service was actually quite good as the waitress kept us hydrated. The only thing that I seemed to notice was the lack of napkins at every table, The only napkins provided outside were the ones for our drinks. If you want them you got to ask for them. Also we had to ask the server for utensils after they dropped off the first round of food. Other than that our overall experience was good. We will definitely be back again to try out other items on their regular menu. 

They had some pretty decent adult beverage deals going on during happy hour.If you are looking for a spot to do business talk or just hang out with friends and have a few drinks and affordable sushi then I would recommend you checking this place out.

Until next time cheers and Happy Eating!

CC
The Burgers are amaaaaazing and there's a great selection of interesting micro-brews on tap.

Come hungry - the burgers are huge! My hubbie and I had the Ivan Burgers - Top-grade beef, perfectly cooked to order and piled high with classic toppings like greens, onion and tomato with a creamy aioli and your choice of cheese. For $1 add other toppings like bacon on sauteed mushrooms. 

Sit at the bar and get friendly service with views of Camelback mountain.
The food here is 5 stars. It is my favorite place to go for Mexican food. My favorite item on the menu is a #9, two tacos with beans and rice. All of the menu items are very reasonably priced and relative to the portion sizes.

The only downside of this location is the decor. It is clearly a successful restaurant and they should invest in some better seating. It looks rather trashy on the inside, but then again, maybe that is part of its charm.
I absolutely detest this Costco. Like many of the reviews state, this Costco has a reputation for rude and lazy employees. Of course there are a few helpful employees but the card check clerks are rude.  I am surprised because I have never experienced such poor service at a Costco before. It may be my imagination but this location seems smaller and exceedingly more crowded than most locations. I miss Chandler Costco where they have the U Scan checkout. I usually drive out of my way to Chandler or Gilbert Costco. Beware of the lunch rush aka free samples in the afternoon.
Jon "had us covered" for my engagement party last Saturday night!

It was a blast and the music was exactly how I had planned for it to be. Jon kept the ambience going and I got a lot of compliments on how great the music was and how fun the evening was.

Will definitely recommend this company :)
Yummmmm. 

When I worked down the street I had the opportunity to eat here a few times for lunch. My work paid for it so it was a bit more than I would normally spend for a lunch but it was so tasty that I've went back since and paid for the food on my own dime (and without a Groupon, can you believe it!) 

As stated by my first word in the review, the food here is really good. The menu is for sure trendy and filled with all the buzz words that 5 years ago nobody would understand. Don't matter though. Also being right near the "waterfront" the interior is really airy and the whole place has a nice ambiance to it. 

I remember the service being a slight bit slow if your trying to get in and out and back to your office on your hour lunch. If you have the time, I could see myself hanging out with friends and letting the conversation continue until the lunch crowd has just about cleared out.
one of the best tri tips that i have ever purchased. that piece of meat was freaking delicious was totally reasonable! its been so hard to find decent quality meat since i moved here. safeway, fry's, walmart (bwahhaha no way am i buying cuts of meat from there), and other grocers just dont have high quality cuts of meat. you might luck out at an albertsons or if youre feeling froggy you'll head over to AJ's and shell out a pretty penny.

Von Hanson's is my answer to my lack of meat happiness. all the butchers were super friendly and very helpful when it came down to picking out something for dinner that night. all of their product looks delicious and fresh. i cant wait to try the filets or the ribeyes. 

i cant believe this place is in walking distance of my house. eff ever going vegetarian. that would just be wrong.
A co-worker and myself came here for her birthday lunch a couple months ago. We have been to Tempe Marketplace a few times together and kept telling ourselves we would try this place out, and we finally got around to it.

We ordered the spinach artichoke dip for starters, she got sushi (can't remember exactly what kind as I am not a sushi fan) for her meal and I got a BBQ White Cheddar Burger. We both left satisfied and stuffed! My burger was huge so I only ate about half, and had to save the other half for later. The dip was so good we ate almost the entire thing (maybe this is why I couldn't finish my burger?), it had peppers in it that gave it a bit of zest and extra flavor that we couldn't get enough of.

A couple months later we were back to test happy hour. I was there more for the food since I don't drink, but my co-worker enjoyed her Coors Light on tap, which she managed to drink 3 of before happy hour ended. We split the potato cakes and sliders off the happy hour menu and both were scrumptious. The portions were smaller than lunch or dinner fare, but considering the purpose it was perfect.

The atmosphere is pretty casual and a teeny bit more upscale than your typical pub, and I like the way the building is generally round with windows on all sides for people watching. There's plenty of TVs for sports, but we weren't there to watch any particular game so I can't review that aspect.

I give 4 stars for food and atmosphere, but the service both times was a tad slow despite it not being overwhelmingly busy, and our order got messed up the first time we went even though it was small and uncomplicated so that's why I took off one star. I'm not letting it stop me from going back again if I get the chance since a lot of people have great experiences here and it may have just been a one time thing.
I've been going to Pino's for about 10 years. The food is good, but not as amazing as some reviews would indicate. It's New York style pizza, btw, not Roman style. Mamma Mia's has better NY style and Pizza A Metro has better Roman style, but Pino's is good. The food is on the expensive side for what you get and they nickle and dime you on everything, I mean EVERYTHING. Extra sauce, dressing, red peppers, even paper plates and forks for to go orders incur a charge. 

And the staff is usually on the rude side. Not quirky as one reviewer said, but just plain rude. One time they messed up my order and actually point blank refused to make me a new pizza. We ordered a large number of pizzas at work on two seperate occassions and both times they were very late delivering and not apologetic. My boss has since forbidden us to order from them. But if I'm in the mood for their brand of NY style pizza I will stop in occasionally and usually am happy with what I get.  Just be prepared to pay and get less than friendly service.
I'm writing this in a partial food coma from eating a filling lunch at Christina's.  The portions are generous, the prices are reasonable, and service is cheerful.  Unfortunately, they did not have horchata when we went, but they do have a wide array of Pepsi fountain products (Including Diet Dr. Pepper), as well as bottled water and canned sodas.

They have a Taco Tuesday special (.99 per taco, choice of different meats), but today I chose to try the chilaquiles ($6.99).  You have your choice of meat (Beef or chicken) and choice of sauce (Green or red).  I decided on the green chicken chilaquiles. 

We were served chips and salsa while they were making our order.  The chips were hot and fresh, and were light and crispy.  The salsa had a robust, full flavor, with just a little kick of spiciness.  The chilaquiles were a very generous portion, with refried beans and Spanish rice.  The green sauce was nice, but a little too acidic for me, so it was nice to balance the acid of the chilaquiles with the beans and rice.  The chicken was finely chopped, and tender, and there was a good amount of shredded, melted cheese on top.  I tried some of the hard taco, which had a nice, crispy taco shell, with good portions of meat to veggie.

Like mentioned before, the meals here are very filling, so come here on an empty stomach!
I love Fiesta Burrito! The staff is friendly and welcoming, a real nice family owned joint. 
My favorite is the Country Burrito; eggs, potatoes & cheese to which I always add sour cream & jalepenos. 
My son loves the #20 - chimicangas, the #3 - 2 cheese enchies & 
the #4 - cheese enchie & tostada. The #4 is a favorite of all of us. My daughter is all about the California burrito, no pico add sour cream. This place knows our faces by now and I can't believe I haven't written a review yet! The lack of a fifth star is because once I found meat in my burrito...I don't eat meat. BUT, they are awesome and a no brainer when it's time to eat and no one can agree which place is best!
Yummy red sauce!
We've eaten here a couple of times, so this review is a summation of those visits. I have tried a couple of things from the light menu and a couple of salads not on the light menu. The light deep dish pizza is OK. It's an individual size pizza with grilled veggies. It's just OK. They don't smother the thing in cheese, which is probably the easiest way to keep the calories on this item under 600. I've also tried a chicken dish from the light menu. It was unremarkable. As far as regular salads go, the steak salad is OK, as is the seared ahi salad. The ahi salad is probably the best thing I've tried. My wife has been more diverse: she's had one of the baked potatoes (meh) and the spaghetti (also meh). It's not that the food is bad here, it's just unremarkable. We'll go back. My kid likes the place and there are plenty of things I haven't tried yet. One of these days I will actually try one of their beers (hard to mess that up).
I'm not the most cultured fellow but I enjoy a good museum now and again. This place is great.
One star for the AWESOME service (especially the cute bartender in the Boy Scout uniform), one star for the really dedicated karaoke MC, one star for the reasonably-priced drinks, one star for the PHENOMENAL dedication to giving back to the community, and one star for the big patio.

Negative five billion for the snarky bitches who thought they owned the place on a Saturday night. We brought a huge party, we kept the bartenders busy, and all they could do was insult us while they nursed a single beer all night. And the bartenders gave no indication that we were a welcome addition. Gay guys not welcome at a gay bar?

No thank you. 

The place was DEAD on a Saturday night, except for the territorial regular jerks. Despite the great service, the bartenders really didn't make us feel  welcome. Maybe we'll try again earlier in the evening, but the neighborhood feel we had grown to expect was gone.
Great food!
My boyfriend and I stopped in for dinner one night, since MBFG on Mill is closed down and we were wanting Greek food. They have a pretty big menu, and I really wanted a gyro which my bf assured me was the gyro wrap. He ended up getting a sandwich of some sort. We sat in the bar to watch whatever game was on, and we had calamari to start. When our food came out, my gyro was in fact a wrap, and not in pita, but I was able to move on :( It was okay, the filling was heavy on lettuce, which made it hard for me to justify taking the rest home because I wouldn't be able to microwave it. All things considered, it was okay and I would probably come back and try something else.
On a recent trip to Scottsdale we randomly found this place and decided to go inside and boy were we impressed.  The ribs were perfect and amazing as was the fish and chips.  Our waiter Jeremy was a pleasure he made us laugh and feel welcome.  Wouldn't mind if he sat down and ate with us he was great!  Loved this place!
I been to five different Oregano's in the Valley and although I've had bizarre experiences at three of them, some of it was due to the company I was with and not the actual restaurant itself.

As a native northeasterner who appreciates traditional NY style Neopolitan pizza, I'm not a big thick crust/pan pizza guy. Oregano's pan pizza is different though.

Their smallest pie can fill up two people and unlike Pizza Hut (not that I actually eat there), the crust is never greasy and with topping choices like cajun chicken or sundried tomatoes, who can complain? 

Their house salad is great with lettuce options more exotic than your standard iceberg and excellent dressings. Chicken wings are also very good with a mustard flavor that tastes a lot better than it sounds. 

Most customers hate surprises. At Oregano's they avoid surprises by telling you the wait time for a table or that pan pizzas take 35-40 minutes to cook.

I was at the Mesa restaurant on a weekday and our pizza was taking forever. We began dozing off at the table when our server came to us and told us the cooks forgot about us and there will be no charge for the whole meal (including salad we ate earlier) and did we still want to eat the pizza here or take it to go?

It was after 11 pm on a Wed. Following that a manager came to us and told us how he felt when a restaurant when he's in a restaurant and things go wrong and how he reacts to the staff (keep in mind we never complained or even asked about when our pizza was coming). He gives his apologies and tells us a desert cookie will be made for us while our pizza is being finished. That was also going to be free. 

After eating our pizza and sharing the only desert they serve (a large homemade cookie served in the pan it was cooked in with lumps of ice cream on top) we tried to leave a tip on our zero balance bill that the waitress didn't even seem interested in accepting. 

Despite the wait, it was a pleasant experience that someone could realize something was wrong and do something about it without you having to tell them. 

I've also eaten at the North Scotts location, Old Town, Camelback and University in Tempe. All are pretty standard in quality.

If I have some criticism it is that I like my pizza toppings on top of my pizza. At Oreganos they go under the cheese, which makes it hard to get crispy. 

This sometimes prevents me from ordering meats like pepperoni or ground beef. That's okay though, because I like the vegetable options too. 

Also, I've waited nearly an hour on multiple occasions at the Mesa location to get a pan pizza. Other locations are usually closer to their 35 minute estimation.
Great food, great service, always a pleasant greeting and a nice pot of tea. I'm always excited to go and always happy that I went. 

Keep up the good work!
This place is awesome. I love popcorn, I love local business, I love great customer service and attention to detail, and more importantly I popcorn. 

They have 50+ different flavors of popcorn....yeah 50. That's not to mention the flavors of the week, like loaded baked potato and bubble gum. Yeah, bubble gum. Flavors like cheesecake, pizza, buffalo wing (my favorite), parmesan garlic, caramel with almonds, dark chocolate, milk chocolate, white chocolate. 

You need to try this place, even if you are not a popcorn fanatic like I am. Oh yea, and the kettle corn is the best kettle corn I've ever had, and that is including the renaissance fairs' fresh kettle corn. 

Another plus: they use Apple products!
Best Thai food in the valley and consistent from one restaurant to another!

The Thai basil house special sauté is one of my favorites. The red green and yellow curries are marvelous too. 

Always super fresh ingredients. We'll be back.
Although I shop at Mekong Supermarket and Lee Lee's, I continue to come to this place because I can find pretty much what I want when I'm looking for ingredients for cooking Asian dishes, even though it's not as big as those other two markets I mentioned. Since I live in northwest Phoenix, this is a great place to go when I don't want make a long trek to the other big Asian supermarkets. Ngo gai (culantro), different herbs and produce, various sauces and condiments including the surprisingly elusive Korean gochujang - when I need it, I find it here. And there's also cooked and ready-to-heat food in case I'm in the mood for Korean food but don't have the motivation to cook at the moment. I got tonight's Korean dinner from their pre-cooked refrigerated food section; a quick re-heat at home was all the prep I needed to do for the delicious but inexpensive feast I had tonight.
Great service at the front desk and amazing massage from Benji. I get a lot of massages and do not live in the area. I was apprehensive to go in blind although I was very impressed. Great for deep tissue and great all around guy.
When did the name change??
One of my very favorite restaurants in Phoenix! Love the ceviche and the fish wrapped in banana leaves is SO YUMMY! Cute little place.
I wanted to update my review and say this place is still a top notch Thai place in Phoenix.  

For starters I had the Crab Wonton's which are a must.  They come with an amazing dipping sauce and have a generous amount of crab not Krab in them which is what makes the difference from a lot of these cheap places in town.  

For the entree I had the Seafood Hot Pot which is full of Shrimp, scallops, clams and calamari with tomatoes and sliced fresh mushrooms in a hot and sour lemon grass broth. I ordered it Thai hot which was great to open up my sinuses and keep my tummy warm : ).  

Everything from the food to the service at this place is top notch.  Don't miss out on this one.
Six stars if I could!!  I just bought a new refrigerator and double oven for my house.  Wow this place is a real find!  I knew exactly what I wanted because I'd done quite a bit of research and I wanted to stay with a brand that matched my other appliances.  I worked with Brian.  He gave me a great deal, he actually beat the prices of the internet appliance store I had checked out.  (I didn't even ask him to do that.)  The appliances came in exactly when they were supposed to and they delivered them right when they said they would.  The install guy is also very pleasant, efficient and careful.
Ok, here is a true review by a unpaid commentator. Subway should have never allowed their chain to be "franchised". This shop at 27th Ave and Thomas is in a tough area and they only have one employee per shift on the weekends. Super slow service by worker with an attitude problem that happens to be friends with the manager who is also cozy with the franchise area manager. Evenings and nights are dangerous in this area unless Phoenix PD is taking their lunch break there at night. Sometimes, there will be 5 to 8 officers on their lunch eating outside on the front patio. Then I feel safe to go in. Otherwise it's hoodrats, tweakers, and employees with attitudes. On a different note, Monday through Friday day shift they will have 2 or 3 staff working and all smiley and courteous because they now corporate managers are roaming.
We gave Vito's another shot last night. This time we did no garlic on the pizza....it was AMAZING!!! They are right down the street, and are quickly becoming our go to pizza place!

Also I forgot to mention, they cut their pizza in little square, that automatically makes it better in my book!
After Amber, a manager/owner I am assuming, sent me a couple dining certificates to 1130, I decided to come back during earth hour since they have such a great patio.  What a turnaround I experienced this time.

We were seated immediately but we waited a good 5-10 minutes before someone came over to us.  Our server, J, came over and sincerely apologized.  He took our drink order and immediately came back with our sodas.  We had decided what to eat and I ordered the Sirloin in Cancun style (spice rubbed with a creamy wine sauce with peppers, corn, and shrimp) and the husband ordered a burger.  J recommended a particular burger that was only on the lunch menu, stating it was way better, and hooked the husband up with that one instead.

My steak was very good, although slightly undercooked in the very middle only.  It only makes sense because it was so thick and everywhere else was perfect.  The asparagus that came with it was very well grilled and seasoned and was a perfect accompaniment to the slab of meat.  During our meal, J kept our sodas constantly full.  When we finished he offered us dessert and we politely declined.  We usually never order desserts at restaurants because too often they aren't prepared in house.  This was not good enough for J, and he wasn't taking no for an answer.  After a little prodding, a wink, and an "I'm feeling extra nice today" he hooked us up with a free cheesecake, which we were delighted to learn was made in house.  We devoured that, it was very good.  He came back and asked us about it and the husband mentioned the crust being a little dry.  I told him some more butter will solve that and he said he would pass it on to the kitchen.

Experience means a lot to me when it comes to rating a restaurant.  If I have a great server, it will improve my feelings for a restaurant.  J was absolutely amazing.  He was friendly, attentive, and really nice to chat with.  What a wonderful evening we had dining by candlelight on the patio.  Even though I had 20 dollars off my meal thanks to the concern of the management I would give 1130 the 4 stars had I paid for my whole meal.  I will probably be back again, but I will definitely request J, and you should too.
I had a chicken chimichanga because it was their $5 lunch special. In retrospect, I should have ordered something else that would have challenged the place more. At this point, I feel like I've visited my fair share of -ertos restaurants in Phoenix, and I should have known better to get chicken + tortilla + sauce + sour cream + token cabbage instead of something more complex and interesting. 

There is no reason to go to Nico's when there is a Filiberto's down the street. I might consider going back if I was trapped on the corner of Southern and McClintock, starving, and if I had eaten at that little deli place next to Sunflower Market every day for a year, and I was allergic to Long John Silver's.

It's not that bad, just nothing special. And no salsa bar!
LAST UPDATE!!!  I got an email from restaurant.com this morning, it's official! Since ATL Wings doesn't know how to respect  their customers and they ignored their contract and policies with restaurant.com, they have been removed from the discount program. I was allowed to get another certificate to a different restaurant in exchange for the hassle we went through. 

ATL Wings, my employer gave you the opportunity to fix this but you decided that it's more important to overcharge your customers with invalid fees just so you can keep the extra cash. You took the gamble and you lost on this one.
I'm so blessed to have Janelle in my life. I have been going to her for almost 2 years once a week. I'v suffered with anxiety and panic attacks growing up. My primary would try putting me on all different medications that were highly addictive and didn't do anything for me. Janelle has maintained my anxiety with acupuncture and herbal supplements. She also helps mentor me through life itself. I truly believe she has the gift to heal. I have my dad that comes to her once a week, as well as my mom, friends and others. I will be seeing Janelle as long as I live!
So mom and I wanted to try somewhere we've never been so Morning Squeeze was it today. We walked in to be greeted with friendly hellos and prompt seating. We were sat by the open kitchen, which I love. The menu was extensive so we took a while to figure out what we wanted but we decided on the Cali eggs benedict and a fruit and nut waffle. Fanny was our server and she remembered me from her old job! I couldn't believe it! Service was great. She made great suggestions and brought our food hot, timely and delicious! No management in sight but wasn't looking for one either. Decor was beautiful. I'd definately recommend this place and I look forward to trying lunch here!
I've had many problems with the service at this location.  The employees are nice but they regularly mess up my order and the bun's on the hamburgers are always soggy.  They also usually take a long time to get my order out to me.  I'd actually recommend eating at the Burger King on Country Club and I-60 instead.
Ironically, as a cook, I can honestly say this place has really good EGGS. I haven't eaten at the restaurant yet but I order food to go weekly on my way to work. Monica, is always friendly and helpful with suggestions and goes all out with making sure nothing is missing in the take out order. They give a military discount with ID which I appreciate and I like their stamp program which provides a free meal after 7 orders. DOUBLE STAMPS on Mondays!
I will preface this review by saying that this is our absolute favorite theater and I cannot remember the last time we saw a movie at a different theater.  

This past Tuesday night, however, was a bust.  We arrived at the theater 20 minutes early so that we would be able to enjoy the preview and movies with minimal distractions.  We didn't see a server until well into the first preview.  

My friend wasn't feeling well and wanted to get a box for her food.  It took 3 requests from 2 different people just to get a box.  It took 2 requests to get a drink refill.  

We told the server in the beginning how we wanted the checks divided and that wasn't done as asked either.  

Like I said, this is our favorite theater and I hope this was just a bad night and not indicative of how things will be in the future.
with as many times as i've been to Indulge, one would think i'd give it more than 3 stars. however, i mainly go because it isn't terrible and there's a huge convenience factor - i can put food in my belly, buy cat food (Choice Pet Market) and stop at the liquor store (BevMo) all in one shot.

the service is good, the build-your-own burger concept is nice, the restaurant, though small is clean, and they have several different menu options, however the burgers are just meh. there's nothing wrong with them per se; i'm just really underwhelmed by the flavor.

in fairness though, i tried the salmon salad last night and it was pretty good so i think that's what i'll order there in my (likely) future visits. oh and their milk shakes are pretty stellar.
Don't know why I stopped here! I was looking for something to eat, noticed the establishment, and a burger sounded good. So I pull up to order and once again, like I always do! I ordered something that I didn't stop here for!! So I ended up ordering their chili cheese fries w/onion. 
Service:
There were no one else in the drive through, all I ordered was the chili cheese fries. It took them over 15 min to get the order out! Don't know why, but this seems to be a long wait to me?
Food:
Well, let me put it this way for you! A) should have just driven by and continued to find something else. B) Should have ordered what I wanted in the first place!
Chili fires were to greasy and not enough flavors. I love my chili, but this could have passed as a chili sauce.
I'm not trying to say this is the worst place around, but I will have second thoughts of coming back here. And If I ever do? I will not try their chili fries again.
This is the place to get frozen yogurt in Phoenix hands down. People (maybe just those from California will know what I'm talking about) who love 21 Choices and Golden Spoon COME HERE for a good fix. The 2 before mentioned places will always have a special place in my heart but now that I live in Phoenix, this is by far my number one place to go for frozen yogurt. I haven't written a review in a long time so for me to feel so compelled to take the time to say this place is awesome, well that's just what it is, awesome.
I have finally joined Yelp and need to make it a priority to share my thoughts about CKs.  I have been going to CKs well over two years now.  I used to be a regular (until I had my baby) and try to make it back to CKs every chance we get a free night.  First and foremost, the staff that works at CKs are amazing.  My boyfriend and I have developed "friendships" with most of them.  They all are very attentive to their customers and make you feel welcome.  Second, the food is unbelievable.  I have had almost every item on their menu.  Some of my faves are the veggie burger, the chicken tenders (because they will dip them in the raspberry chipotle sauce if requested) and any of the salads!  Our food has ALWAYS been served hot and has never been more than a 10 minute wait.

This is the one and only place I will watch football on Sundays!  There are so many tvs and the Sunday football crowd becomes almost family.  I am a huge Bears Fan and the Bears game is usually on in the patio area with sound (there are many Bears fans that have become family on the patio).  The breakfast on Sunday mornings is also fabulous!  I couldnt think of a better way to watch football.

I like that CKs is a casual place that includes good friends and good drinks.  Anyone that lives in the area should make it a point to stop in here and enjoy the good times!
Place is quite casual and since I m a quite informal and casual person so I kinda like it. 

Food was unique, it was like a variation of Chinese food but Vietnamese style. 

Pro
Reasonably priced menu.
Decent environment

Cons 
There is only one restroom( keeping in mind that it has a capacity to accommodate 50 people.
Takes a while to get the ordered item.
My good pal Jeff C. was so kind to give a girl a sample of the Fairytale Original brownie....

2 words: Not Impressed....

I was expecting more from Eileen Spitalny and David Kravetz but instead got a crumbly, way too softty, chocolate disaster....literally when I went to give a piece for a friend to try it broke in half....I know soft is yum but too soft is 15 thumbs down....

I expected something that would please my palate but instead recieved a rude awakening....
I finally made it to Beckett's Table and was very impressed at first but had that turn to disappointment by the time that my meal arrived.

We started with the roasted brussels sprouts and they were indeed as good as everyone has said.  I highly recommend them.

The problem was with my main course.  I had ordered the cioppino and was very excited at first when it arrived. The fish was nice and the broth was tasty without being overly tomato-ey or thick.  The problem came with the shellfish.  They were horribly undercooked. Out of all the clams, only one was cooked enough to be open and edible and the mussels were barely edible as well.

The pricing was pretty reasonable and the food has great potential but if you're going to offer a dish like cioppino make sure that you know how to cook it.

I give the cioppino a two and the brussels sprouts a four for an average of three.  I'm in no rush to head back here, I sure hope that they can get it together as I would be very excited to see a good restaurant open up.
This is just another ehhh mexican food joint in tempe. I don't know what it is but I just cant seem to find a stellar Mexican food restaurant in tempe. This place wasn't horrible or anything, but It wasn't so great that I need to go back.
I always enjoyed coming here after a long night of work. The staff is amazingly friendly and always made my time here great.

The sliders are yummy and their appetizer platter they offer is great. You can choose between a variety of different munchies. 

Over all I recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a low key, bar atmosphere.
Pleasantly surprised.....with this little find!  We went there to see a friend from out of town play for a fundraiser for a child who is ill.  It's definitely something you'd find near the beach.  $3 drafts...and full bar.  Packed house....just North of the Vig UpTown.  Definitely a casual dive and fun too!
I was just at Noble Beast this afternoon and I saw that they have changed their hours- they are now open on Mondays!
My husband bought a Arizona Wellness massage package from work as a just because gift.  Sometimes he gets it right.  =)  

I get three 30 mins massages or upgrade to a 60 mins for only $20 & 3 more massages at 50% off.  What the heck!  I will try a 30 min to see if the place is ok.  It is a chiropractor office.  They have a split layout (chiropractor and massages patience).

You walk in, check in, and then they call you.  The massage therapist came and introduced herself.  The you know the usually questions, and disrobe!  The massage was pretty good.
Well. that sucks. stale bread. no chips. mediocre service. eh. whats all the hype about? 

Oh and ps- when and I call and tell you I ordered a fruit salad and I didn't get it, it's not rocket science. Just say I can come back and get one. Don't get all confused and argue with me just because your brain can't compute the words I am saying!? Rude! Better luck next time.


** for those of you that have a problem with my review, feel free to email me and ask any questions you like. I wrote this review by MY own means, and based on MY own experience**

A couple things I forgot to have mentioned, was their way over priced baked goods. The cupcake I got was so oily I could barely choke it down, and the iced tea was so overwhelming I had to poor half of it out and add water. Maybe, I went on an off day, maybe not, but this is my experience of this establishment. Take it or leave it.
Really good Korean food! I try it by myself!!!
I've been meaning to try this place for the past several years, but have been put off by the wait time. Last night (Friday), my friend (a former Phx resident) was back in town for a quick visit and wanted for us to finally try out Pizzeria Bianco. We put our name down around 8:30pm and were surprised to hear the wait was only about 1hr 15mins -1hr 30. We went next door to the bar (which was super cute, btw!) and chatted over a bottle of wine. Right when we started to get really hungry, we were notified that our table was ready. Yay.. time to find out what all the hype is about! 

Since there were 6 of us, we decided we'd order 1 of each pizza so we could try it all. However, once the waiter came to take our orders, we all changed up our orders. After about 10-15mins or so, out came our pizzas. Well, 5ish of the 6. I say, "5ish," because the 6th one was really really burnt (whereas ours were just "really burnt") and the waiter said another one would be made and ready in 2 mins. 

We all hungrily waited for the last pizza to come out and when it finally did, we dug in. I dont know if it's bc we waited a few mins or what, but all of our pizzas were soggy. That combined w/ the burntness made for a very bleh pizza. While it wasn't horrible, I dont see how it could get all the hype and 5 stars that it does. 

Since the ingredients were really fresh, the wait wasn't as bad as anticipated, PB (and the bar) have a cute cozy atmosphere and the service was good, I'd be willing to give it another try.. but definitely not if the wait is any more than 1.5hrs.
I was living in Phoenix for a few months and my family was coming to visit so I needed to find a place to take them out. We ate at a different restaurant in Scottsdale, followed by a stroll along the street when we heard some beautiful flamenco music which is what drew us in. We had a few drinks and enjoyed the live flamenco band so much that we ended up making reservations for dinner the very next night. 

Our dinner there was amazing! I had never had tapas before and neither had my family but we loved every bit of it! Their menu is wonderful with a great variety of tapas (small plates), and main courses. The service was outstanding. I forget out waiter's name but he was serving us the night before when we came for drinks and came in the next day on his day off to serve us dinner! The chef even came out towards the end of our meal to talk to us. He explained how most of the ingredients are flown in fresh from Spain. And wow what a difference!

All in all, would definitely recommend this place for couples looking for a lovely date night and groups of friends looking to eat, drink, and be merry!
This is the closest McDonalds by my house so out of convenience we go here most of the time.  It always feels like the fries are old.  And McDonalds fries are my favorite, so it kills me that the ones at the McDonalds are so bad.  I hope they improve, but if they did then I would just be compelled to eat there more often.  Maybe they are actually doing me a favor by not making their fries too delicious?
The gyro pita was a double-fister, open-wide kind of experience.

I can't believe I drive by this place on my way to Pita Jungle and never stop in. This is how I think all gyro's should be made. Tons of meat, lettuce, tomatoes and onions.

I loved the atmosphere, just lots of people coming in for the lunch hour, eating and having a good time. The staff was great too. Nice guys. 

The price is really good and I feel like I've had a huge meal too. I'm still full.
i agree with brian. this is a great hike. even starting the drive on AZ 88 through canyon lake is just gorgeous. 

we parked at the marina lot and headed out. it's not a tough hike, but there are lots of ups/downs with outstanding views of canyon lake. the terrain is pretty typical of the area, but within that terrain are differences...it's hard to explain without being a geologist, but there are very interesting rock formations, and throughout the hike, there are gigantic sheer cliffs all around you. if you keep going to Indian Paint Mine, the rocks turn bright red (sedona-ish) and suddenly you're at the old Paint Mine. i don't know much about it, but apparently it was a mine where natives made paint out of the clay. later i think some explorers came and tried to find some gold there. but it looks like a cool place to back pack into for a night...semi sheltered and even what looks like remains of an old "oven". 

very cool hike. and then when you're done, you go chill at the marina, on the deck, with a nice cold beer! or hot toddy if it's winter! this trail is suitable for dogs...or my dog anyway.
I have been to many Thai restaurants in the Valley and this is the one that I aways go back to. Their roasted duck is consistently good. Get the Ped gang daeng (801).
This location is decent. I've noticed the tables are always clean which is not the norm for a lot of fast food places. If you go through the drive thru they are not super fast so expect to wait a few minutes and that's even if you're the only car there.  The food is fine.  I'm a sucker for a Bacon Western Cheesburger and I love their fried zuchinni!  YUM!  Their milkshakes are pretty darn good too.  They have the standard chocolate, strawberry and vanilla but every month they have a special shake.  I had a Banana Cream Pie shake that was sooooo yummy!  I highly recommend it!  Thanks Carl's Jr.
This is a contender for the diviest bar in this section of Old Town. It is a toss up between here and Gilligan's, imho. DJ's is much less intentionally trashy, whereas Gilligan's tries to pull off "trashy-chic" so score some extra points for it in that regard. For whatever reason, I kinda like that about it. 

It also has one of the highest probabilities of showcasing a good old fashioned bar fight. For whatever reason, I've seen more fights here than anywhere else in town (this place nudges out Loco Patron). 

The drinks here are stiff and the staff doesn't mess around. They are serious about keeping you in line and as wasted as you should be on a given night. 

So if you're thinking about getting rowdy, this might be a good place to start. Just don't be surprised if you get tossed out for being a little too ambitious with your intentions.
Really good tacos. The Cabo Shrimp tacos are excellent and very authentic. They are sooo similar to the tacos we loved in Cabo! 

I'd highly recommend this place for great food cheap.
Sadly,  we had a horrible experience there tonight.

Let me start with some background:  I am a Phoenix native and have been to Mary Coyle's more times than I can count.  My sister worked there many moons ago and I live mere blocks away from the store.   I desperately want this to be a successful venture for the new owner and most of all I want a great go-to spot for my husband and my kids (grandparents, aunts, uncles, etc.). I have a fantasy that this place turns into a great joint to bring clients for lunch and a solid place for food and ice cream.

Tonight, I went with kids.  Me and three kids to celebrate my daughter's birthday.  What could be better?  I wasn't looking forward to the dinner menu but I was hopeful that the new ownership had improved the mediocre food and the time we spent having dinner would pass without incident to get us to the main event:  ICE CREAM!!!

Here's what happened:  We were ignored for about 15-20 minutes before anyone came to our table.  At that time there were only two other tables with customers in the entire restaurant.  Drink orders were taken, crayons requested.  Drinks came two by two, crayons requested again and finally arrived.  Dinner order taken another 10-15 minutes later  and then dinner arrived.  The kids dinner of hot dogs all around (1/2 of a dog/kid) were well received though they could have stood an entire hotdog.  I ordered Chili.  The chili didn't taste bad but it unfortunately it didn't ,actually, taste at all.  The kids ate their food pretty quickly and I finished my 6 bites of chili (all I could do)  and was ready for the ice cream order.  

110 minutes after we arrived we got up and went to the register where our server and the manger were stationed.  No one had come to our table to ask how our food was, to refill our beverages, to clear our table, to take our ice cream order or to even walk past.  My kids went to the ice cream during this time and got samples of the flavors and had decided what they wanted to order.  We waited and waited and waited.  I called out a polite "excuse me" to no avail as our server walked by.  Finally from our booth I called a nearby ice cream shop to see if they had a wait.  I was told they didn't and I gathered my kids and went to the register to leave.  I said to my server:  "you never came back to my table, you never came back"  "we sat and sat and you never came to our table" she said to me:  "your total is $21.??".  That was it.  That was my evening out to celebrate my daughter's August birthday at my neighborhood joint with her brother and her best friend.  I'm stunned.  I want this to be a great place but I would settle for a good place.  I hope that one day it is that place but it will take some time for the bad taste in my mouth to go away.
2nd choice for dinner because first place was closed. Dinner was good. I had a great hamburger here. I would go back to try drinks and other foods. We had a flour-less chocolate cake for dessert that was delish!
I would say Fuego Bistro's specialty is, well, everything.  Stand-up service, great lunch/happy hour selection and pricing, awesome patio setup, and some of the best Latin food I've eaten.  The waitstaff will definitely remember your name if you come back (and trust me, you will).  The mojitos are certainly delicious (blood orange for sure), but I would go for the sangria.  I like the red, but I hear the white is delicious as well, although a little sweet for me.  Pernil Asado is a sure pick, as is the dish with the mole should they put it on special again.  I'd eat and drink just about anything on the menu, and I'd be sure to leave full, drunk, and without a huge hold in my wallet!  Thanks, Fuego Bistro, I wish I found you sooner!

PS - they are on Restaurant.com, and they have a pretty lenient coupon-use policy if you're cheap like me.
I don't know what all the rave is about UO but this place sells clothes that look like they came straight off the "street performers" that plague mill. I don't get why you would want to pay money for new clothes that look old. Is it just me? However ugly the clothes are they do have a nice little collection of books and other neat knick nacks. The staff was super friendly and very helpful. I just wouldn't do my clothes shopping there but it was nice to check out at least.
Oh North - you are absolutely delicious. The cocktails were amazing, the appetizers were fantastic (love those chips!) and our entrees were delectable. Dessert was truly a special occasion. Thanks for the great service and the friendly vibe. Oh, and your menu - aaahhh.... yum!!!
I have been eating here for almost 10 years.  It has always been one of my favorites.  Their Pho Ga is amazing and so are their spring rolls.  All of the dishes we have had are great and you have to try the Cafe Su Da which is a coffee that slowly drips into sweet condensed milk.  It is a real treat.  

The past three times I have been there however they seem to have changed their noodles or the way they cook them.  They are too soft and mushy which really put a dent into my enjoyment.  These small thin rice noodles are in the pho and the spring rolls (and many other dishes) so this really bothers me. 

The service is faster than fast food yet it is always fresh and good.  They have great Jasmine Team and it is served in the whole pot which is nice.  

Cleanliness could be improved but this is a pretty traditional place.

Oh, I almost forgot the secret.  If you are hung over you have to come here.  Here is the miracle cure second to swimming in a cold ocean.

- Whole fresh coconut (drink)
- Pho Ga (Chicken Noodle Soup in a beef broth)  - Make sure to add Siracha hot sauce to kick up the sweat.

- Cafe Su Da - nice caffeine blast.

The Pho needs to be spiced up enough to make you sweat.  After that, your hang over is gone !!!!  Whoohooo
I had to update this review.   I had a pie from them a couple of weeks back that was outrageously good, probably the best pie I've had in several years.  I'd ordered a veggie pizza and got to talking with the owner, who asked if I liked artichokes.  I said yes, and he proceeded to whip up his favorite pie - artichokes, tomatoes, kalamata olives, red onions and feta cheese.  

This pie was by far the best I've had from R Kidd's.  The bad news is, it isn't on the menu because they don't always have artichokes.  My mouth is watering right now as I think about it.  There wasn't anything wrong with the veggie pie, but it went uneaten as we split this masterpiece.
This is a great mall that offers great store selection and easy window shopping opportunities. Its family friendly and during the summer months, the splash pad is always a kid favorite!
Friend and I were up early talking Sunday morning and started talking about food, she said lets go out and I was like ok, lets do this! Didn't have a clue where I was headed just knew I was getting breakfast! My friend woke up her hubby, they jumped into the car, picked me up and that's when they told me that they read about Brunchies on Yelp and said let's give it a try and glad we did!!

We got their and it's a cute little place, it looked crowded because there was a few people waiting, but we put our name on the waiting list and was seated within 6 mins afterwards. I guess we were seated in the patio area, by the huge fountain, it was nice, can look out the window on to downtown Chandler.

Service was good, I didn't catch our waiters name but he was a young cute blond. Pitcher of water & carafe of coffee was left on the table, how awesome was that!

On the table where tortilla chips and I was thinking man I dig me some chips and salsa but not really before my coffee, but I tried one of the chips and omg it was some sweetness!! Tortilla chips covered in cinnamon and sugar, that's what these where, so delish and an unexpected surprise, at this point I still haven't cracked the menu opened and was not really entire sure of what type of food this place was. 


I wound up ordering The Westerner, eggs scrambled with green chili and ham with the season potatoes, the eggs were great! The potatoes even though they were cooked, they were not quiet what I like, I think next time I will get hash browns and load them up with gravy!! The biscuit was huge, flaky, moist and delish! I topped that bad boy with some honey and just let it melt in my mouth!  Next time that baby is getting covered in gravy My friends ordered the southerner, and the Mexican skillet chorizo, both dishes looked delish!   

I also saw on Yelp there is a espresso chocolate cake one can order?!?! I am going to have to hunt that down! I love me some cake!

So after I got home I checked out the place online and saw that it was owned by Serranos, I think if I had known that before I went I wouldn't have gone. I have had 2 bad experiences at Serranos so I probably would have let that tainted my trip, but it hadn't and I plan on going back to Brunchies soon!
Wanting to avoid my hotel's 'free breakfast', I made a short trip to D'lish and am very glad I did. Enjoyed a vegie frittata and coffee. Service was very friendly and quick. I'd estimate seating for 20 indoor w/a patio out front. 
The coffee was very good and a nice alternative to the chains. 

I will definitely make it a regular stop when I'm back in Phoenix.
Newman Realty has been a member of the Gilbert Chamber of Commerce for several years now.  The organization and staff are committed to the long term growth and development of businesses of all sizes in Gilbert.  We have found the Chamber to be a great source for both business and personal development.  Highly recommended for business networking, growth and development.
It's a seems a little silly that I am writing a review for Safeway, but I do feel the stores are different from each other so it is probably worth while. This particular store is much better then the Bashes across the street, or the Safeway at 7th st and McDowell.  We have been downtown residents for about six years and this has always been our store of choice. The food is always fresh and staff is friendly. We buy a lot of produce and have had some issues at other nearby stores, but not this one. The food is always fresh and delicious!
We recently moved to the Phoenix area from San Diego and have been in search of good BBQ.  Seems like most places add smoke flavoring which does not taste good to me.  Texas BBQ House does not add smoke!  That lets the flavor of their meat speak for itself.  And boy does it ever.  This is THE best BBQ.  I can't decide between the cutter's choice brisket and the pulled pork as my favorite.  They are both so good!  Hands down the best side dish is the creamed corn.  As the very helpful employee said, "This is not your mama's creamed corn!"  It is unbelievably delicious.  Highly recommend this restaurant!
Simply the best gyro around. Tender, flavorful, yummy! Gyro salad is crazy!  Big enough for 2 to share!  This place is always clean and the staff friendly!
I've been here only once and had to stop and get a quick something. I was amazed at the prices and looking at everyones food it was big portions. Sadly I only got the pot stickers with I got a dozen for like $2 can't go wrong with that. I must go back and have a real meal next time.
Consistently good and the best service for any fast food chain!  Our server was friendly, enthusiastic, appreciative and professional - a winning combination!  

I love the Cherry Limeade...so delicious, every time!
Wow!  What a gem!  Who would have thought you could get such great food at a restaurant in an airport.  I had to convince my family to come here since they didn't really want to eat at a sit-down place, but after realizing that the other places were only a buck or two cheaper, I won.  They definitely didn't regret it, and we were all wishing we could take this restaurant back to San Diego with us!

I got a GREAT martini (a little pricey, but it was worth it), and the pulled pork sliders with fries.  BEST fries I've had, maybe ever, and the sliders were delish!  My mom and sister got the chicken/hummus pita sandwiches and loved them, and my mom couldn't stop raving about her side of ceasar salad.  Step-dad got the burger and was also pleased.  Food was very reasonably priced and the service was pretty quick.  Great retro/rock/glam atmosphere, excellent music, and if you're facing inside the restaurant, you can easily forget your 4 hour layover!  

Only downside: you have to have a plane ticket sending you through the Phoenix airport to eat here!
The filet is amazing and the service is exceptional. This is my favorite restaurant in Phoenix - I highly recommend it!!
Great breakfast spot!  We went on a Sunday morning, so obviously the place was packed, but we still got a table for 4 in less than 30 minutes.  The waitstaff was amazing and took great care of my two little cousins (1 and 4).  The food was really good (I had the chorizo breakfast tacos), but it came out a bit cold which is my only gripe about the place.   The atmosphere is pretty unique, almost like a retro diner with modern touches.  Very bright and upbeat.  And the crowd was a good mix of families and groups of friends eating and drinking away the effects of the previous evening's activities.  I'll definitely try it out again.
Grinders is a little cup of heaven nestled next to the mountains in Sunnyslope.  Run by Dennis Miller (NOT of SNL), he has been roasting and brewing his coffee ever since this shopping center opened almost 10 years ago.  He features the artwork of local artists each month as well as wi-fi while you are enjoying your beverage.  Be sure to come on the Second Saturday of each month to enjoy their ongoing series of Jazz & Blues.  You never know who's going to show up and perform!  But you can be assured you WILL have a foot stompin' good time!
Very solid sushi joint! Great special rolls, really nice cocktails and better than average sushi! Fast and super friendly staff sends out the food quickly and with a smile. Cant wait to return and check out their happy hour.
After our Farm Session and Old Town Farmer's Market tour, we walked around Old Town for a bit.  By now my daughter was hungry and everyone else in our party said, they could have a "snack".  We had coupons that Kevin N. had picked up so we were good to give David's a shot.  I was kinda torn between nachos and a Texas Burger.  I waffled but when it came time to order I went with the burger.  My daughter had a hot dog.  The Texas Burger is like the Carl's Jr. Western Bacon Cheese Burger which is one of my favorite fast food burgers.  Except this was a real pattie that looked like it had been shaped by human hands.....not shaped by a round or square cookie cutter.  And it tasted like a real burger should.  The bacon was crispy, cheese was melty, and the onion rings were crisp.  This was a good burger in my book.  The fries were crispy on the outside...just the way I like them and fluffly on the inside.  My daughter gave the thumbs up to her hot dog and devoured the whole thing.  My companions enjoyed their food as well.  The one drawback I would say is that the service was slow.  We waited for our drink order to be taken and the waited for our drinks.  Our drinks were not refilled very quickly.  It was not super busy when we were there so maybe they were short staffed, I don't know.  Will I go back...yes, because the value was there.  It was a good burger for the price, with or without the coupon.
My husband and I frequent this place as it is close to our home and the food is very good. Not your typical mexican food. We have never been disappointed by the food or the service
Nice old school barber shop.  Good people and good haircuts.  Love the straight razor service to clean up the neck.
The food and service is always top notch. I've been going here for years and am finally writing a review. I usually get chicken tikka and it's absolutely delicious every time. It's great to have a dish I crave that's healthy too. If you haven't tried this place, I suggest you do very soon. 

Oh, get the hummus with chicken on top. It's super tasty.
This place is great! Always friendly service and they have good facebook deals too!
I've gone to several different reflexology places in the east valley over the past couple of years. My experiences with these businesses have been mixed and there are some places I would never go to again.  However,  I  love the convenience of walk in reflexology. It's inexpensive and in my opinion can much better than some day spas.

Relax station is among the best in the east valley. It's clean. They take and honor appointments. The people who work on you know what they are doing.


Bottom Line: This place is great for  affordable reflexology.
This place is ok but not great for the price. I like the Mongolian but would like to pick out my own sauce though. The sushi is ok. I haven't had a roll there that has a good flavor. I like the different dishes on the buffet. I wish I could have tried some crab legs but its like Black Friday there. People are standing around and then they take them all. It is so rude. Then it takes forever to get another order out. They should bring orders to the tables so people don't go crazy and take them all. 
What really got me though was the dessert table. It was all Costco dessert. They didn't even take the cakes off the cheap plastic trays to make them look homemade. It just looked like a potluck where the families swung by the grocery store and picked out a cheap cake. For 15 dollars at least try to fool me. 
I won't be back.
We visited on Christmas eve, from out of town. The kitchen must have been slammed, because while the service was friendly, it was very slow. The food was fair, but was not a good value. It was old- school Americanized cuisine. I would not seek it out again.
This is right in our hood so we were very excited that an esteemed chef chose this locale.

We showed up at 730p on a Friday. There were no tables so we decided to sit at the bar.  The bartender was a really nice guy. We were impressed it was busy, thinking that was a good sign.

And that's where being impressed ended.

The food was a total failure. The bread they brought was like a cookie/muffin served with a warm mayonnaise or butter on the side. No good.

For appetizers we got the octopus. It was served in a BBQ sauce. The flavor was actually quite clever but the octopus was overcooked and rubbery. 

We also got the mussels which were cooked perfectly, but the curry seasoning kind of fell flat. All in all the best thing we got.

My wife ordered the bolognese. This was a greasy puréed sauce with a mush polenta. The crostini served with it was dripping with grease. From a texture standpoint, horrible. The whole dish was like porridge. This is something you would serve to an old person with no teeth. Or a baby. Do babies eat polenta?

I got the steak in vinaigrette. I substituted bok choy for the potato. The steak was cooked well, but my whole plate was covered in oil. My bok choy was actually dripping with grease like my wife's crostini. 

We both had to take Pepto when we got home from all the grease.

Overall an epic fail for the kitchen. Celebrity chefs should be on notice after the closing of Searsucker- get in the kitchen or get out of town.
May I add "family friendly" to my past reviews? We love this place because we feel like we are home when we come here. The staff is kind and they always welcome us with open arms. The manager, Kaj, literally treats us like family. We brought our new born baby to Corbin's for her first meal out, and we were thrilled with the level of service we received, as usual. The food is excellent, and the service is divine. The happy hour is awesome! My favorite items are the quesedillas, burgers, feta and hot sauced topped homemade potato chip appetizer, and the excellent selection of beers. Corbins is just an overall  great place!
I've had Four Peaks beer before but hadn't made it to the actual brewery in Tempe.

We stopped by on a Saturday afternoon and after some parking issues (we have to park on the street!) we realized it was packed.  I thought we'd be waiting 20+ minutes but they got our party of 8 people seated within 10 minutes.  NICE!

I had a stout, and I can't remember the name but it was really good.  Our server was very patient and sweet while all eight of us ordered different stuff, wanting to add/leave out the mushrooms, etc.  She got everything right and came to check on us multiple times.  We made sure to give her a very generous tip.

My fiance and I had the garlic cheesey bread as an appetizer and split a vegetarian pizza for our meal (and I also ordered a side salad- I was starving!)

The cheesey bread was loaded with garlic- so beware.  I'm a huge fan so I was loving the huge chunks of fresh garlic mixed with delicious cheese, but if you were expecting garlic "flavor", it might be a bit strong.

The pizza had a great variety of vegetables, and a pesto sauce which was great.  The only drawback is that it was incredibly salty, and I think that was a result of the sodium in the pesyo and the artichoke hearts on the pizza. 

Overall, a great experience but I'll probably order a different pizza next time.
This is one of my favorite places to eat for breakfast!  They always have healthy options, which I love, & the staff is so friendly!  Always a great experience!
My new favorite!  
My husband and I had a wonderful dinner last night at CC. Our waiter was David and he was great. He was professional, funny, and attentive but not overly so. We started our meal with the crab cakes which were amazing. Real chunks of crab and not a lot of breading. I ordered a margarita which was well mixed. I ordered the special and my husband had the scallops. The risotto was amazing!  I liked that the owner was waiting at the front door and seating people as they entered. It gave the resaurant a family feel. We will be going back!!!
If I were my sitter, I would have quit by now.  I've spent the last several months trying to plan two vacations next month as my husband has to take his sabbatical in September or lose it.  But much like Big Sexy did, Miss Suzi (aka Lulu aka The Lu) has other ideas about vacations.  Her blood work earlier this month showed she needed to begin fluid therapy and injections, frequency to be determined and adjusted as we go.  

Although I had decided to have a vet tech come to our home on the days treatments are needed (requiring coordination between the tech and the sitter), both Charlie and Jen, our regular sitter, did offer to learn the techniques for sub-Q.  But after Suzi's recent seizure, I've been up in the air about whether to increase the number of daily visits or board her, assuming she recovered.  Again, they have been super understanding about my waiting until the last minute to determine what is best for her.

Well, we're scheduled to leave next week and have decided not to go at all.  I'm not comfortable leaving her home alone and 12 days is too long to board her.  It came down to what's best for Suzi or what's best for my husband.  The cat won...again.  There will be another sabbatical in 4 short years, and hopefully I'll still have a husband.  There won't be another Lu.  But a huge thank you to Charlie and Jen for doing everything possible to accommodate our situation!
Every room of the home can be outfitted here. Big, beautiful, brightly lit store. Great deals are in every part of the store.
Waitress made it clear in front of us she didn't want people in her section. She came to get our order and was nice. I ordered prime rib medium and it came rare. Sent it back and it came back medium rare. Mac and cheese was alright, I have had better. Not worth the price of our meal.
My boyfriend took me to Roka for dinner last night for my first experience with delicious Sushi. We ordered the vegetable tempura, sweet potatoes, and sweet corn which were all delightful. Additionally, I ordered the Skuna Bay Salmon and my boyfriend ordered the California Roll and Sashimi Chef Selection. My dish was perfectly delicious and Tim enjoyed his dinner as he always does when he visits Roka. 
This turned out to be one of my favorite dinners out in quite some time!
It took me over a year and then allowed my wife to convince me to give it a try again. Completely improved experience. I have been there about five times in the last 5 weeks and am happy to say that the service here is vastly improved in every way. I have not seen the incompetent server that ruined my last experience here but the servers we have since then had have all been perfect. Keep it up Cherry Blossom and I'll keep coming back!
Tried Humble Pie because of the groupon and was excited when I saw the menu online. Walked in and we got a table that must have been the most wobbly table I have ever seen in a restaurant. I felt I could live with it so our server brought our drinks. Looked at the priced in the menu and they seemed kinda pricey for what I wanted so I went with the half chopped salad. It took a while to get our food. While people that ordered after us were receiving their food. Finally our food came out and it tasted good so that is why they get three stars. The problem was the service. It took long also to receive the bill and to have the server pick up and run the card.
I wanted to like this place, I really did.  I vaguely remember going here with my mother often when I was young to get ice cream and dinner and apparently I remember it being much much better.  We showed up on this hot winter day wanting some ice cream and some burgers.  We had a cranky two year old who had not eaten and had not yet had her nap.  Upon first walking in we realized it was busy as there were plenty of butts in the seats and not enough people running around taking care of them.  Understaffed? Surely not. (sarcasm, if you couldn't tell)
We gave them our name and a larger party came in behind us.  They were sat before we were and still we stood, tapping our foot with our child growing more and more unwieldly.  Finally we were taken into the play room area, yes there is a small arcade off to the side where children can obtain tickets to buy little bobbles.  Our two year old was instantly interested.  Upon being sat and handed some water both daddy and daughter were running around with a fresh dollar to find some fun.  I made sure to find out what he wanted before he left so we could order quickly.
Quickly did not come.  Daddy and daughter returned before the server showed up.  Finally, she did show and I ordered our food and some ice cream for the baby.
Food took about as long as I figured it would with a busy kitchen and many patrons.  I was not very impressed.  The food was alright and definitely not worth the price.  The ice cream was also not impressive as I have had much better at G-Spot or even Cold Stone yet it was comparable in price to these two places.
As I said, I wanted to like this place.  I was feeling nostialgic and only wanted to experience a restaurant that I used to visit with my mother with my child and her daddy and now I can say that I have and will probably never return.

In Conclusion, unless you have a good reason to check this place out, don't bother.  It's not even worth the nostalgia.
BLT deluxe was awesome. Something made it pop, i think they sneak pancake butter in there somewhere. I sampled the Wild West Burger which was super greasy and in my opinion pretty bland however I hear  the mushrooms were sauteed to perfection. 
The atmosphere was relaxing even though it was busy. Our waitress was indeed easy on the eyes as well as polite and attentive.
It was a little pricey, $18 something for two plates.
What else do you need to know?  Go check it out! Fez is a cool place to drink and app, it's that simple.  It's a place you keep going back to.

I join the ranks of reviews who were there for a Yelp event and they nailed it.  I think you can call that the mark of great service, can you handle a huge group.  It's restaurant service on steroids.  

Cool inside, cool outside, good food, good drinks.  I like the "partitioned" style of the place, the big bar/lounge area, the tables area, and the outside, good.... Good!
So much fun. You never know what the waiter will bring out next and I didn't get a dish I didn't like. 

If you're going to do it though, I'd suggest just going all out with the never ending option. Get a bottle of wine, plan to spend a few hours and make a night of it. Otherwise, you'll go home light in the wallet AND a little light in the stomach.
It is great.  Great ambiance, food, and service.  I love the rooftop bar too.
Carly's is a mainstay of the downtown area. Carly's was here and popular among the locals way before this recent downtown Phoenix renaissance. They have a full bar, are open late, and have live music most nights. It's a cozy spot to have a snack and a drink, or to meet friends. You won't have a phenomenal mind-blowing dinner here, but you won't be disappointed either. It's a reasonably priced soup, salad, and sandwich type of place. I personally always get the nicoise salad and sometimes the nutella croissant for desert. I probably go here once a month because it's such an important part of this neighborhood and because this establishment supports local artists by allowing them to perform their music and hang their art here.
Versatile Floral, as of August 2009, is Little Flower Shop. This is a cute little shop tucked next to Safeway at Power and McKellips. This is a great place to get unique flowers, gifts, corsages, embroidered items. The new owner, Connie, is very friendly.
The beer just keeps getting better and better. One of their newest brews is a red ale called Bock at the Moon. I highly recommend getting a pitcher of it and not sharing with anybody...because it's delicious...make them get their own pitcher! And it's only $6 on happy hour, you really can't beat that deal. 

As for food, check out the flatbreads. The Pisa is amazing as well as the Grilled Chicken Flat

Prost!
i'm not a huge fan of those location. it's often extremely busy on sale day. and it is particularly unorganized.

the staff likes to take breaks all at once. i once saw a dozen workers assemble outside the front door. i'm not sure who was left inside working. they were engulfed in a cloud of smoke that i had the displeasure of walking through on my way to the car.

i don't usually find a whole lot of decent stuff here. i wouldn't say they're good for anything in particular.

bathroom report: not the worst, but not the best.
I adore this place. It's like San Francisco in Scottsdale. Very relaxed environment, excellent service and very good food, beer and CIDER! I love hard cider so I was happy to find a few good ciders here. Now all they need is gluten free bread to make me completely enamoured. One of the bar tenders who waited on us was seriously the shit. He was the best bartender I've encountered in a long time. So refreshing to have excellent service in Scottsdale.
I saw a bad review which really surprises me. I go there often, but wouldn't call myself a regular. I don't know any bartenders' names or anything. But, I've never had a bad taco, bad service or bad anything ever here. The crowd always seems chill. The patio is nice. I like the red lighting. Good for street watching too. Their food always tastes fresh and their salsa bar is very yummy! Tequilas-great selection. I believe Herradura is one of my faves. I say, can't go wrong with this spot. If you like a casual fresh Mexican kind of sporty type bar with a lot of modern touches and nice staff, don't see why you wouldn't enjoy!
Came here Saturday to watch the SC game with a friend.  I hate SC and he loves them so he was excited to see all the SC alumni packed inside.  It was too filled with Trojans inside for us to grab a table so we had to sit at the outside bar.  Our bartender was amazing!  Her name is Savannah and she is my drunken soul mate.  I loved hearing about her night, and we compared pictures of our drunken times on our cameras.  She's really cool and attentive, and a little bit of a drink pusher.  But I don't mind, I love getting drunk so I'm happy!  I am definitely coming back again, just for her!
Went here to return something hoping that I would get out fast. That definitely did not happen. I came in and saw a line already formed. The cashiers looked like high school students so I knew with their lack of thinking of people in line I knew I would have to wait long in line. And I did. No one said anything to the people in line for how they were sorry for having us wait or that the line would be moving soon. I waited about 8 minutes in line before I finally got up to the cash register. If they could control their lines and make them less painful to wait through this place would have an extra star.
We went with the all American, the roast pork tenderloin, the chorizo , sloppy Johns , and finished it off with the garlic herb fries.  Great taste and quality.  Finished our meal off with a cupcake.  You guys nailed it, great job!!!!!
Preface: Any place that will welcome me back with a smile & remembering my dog's name after he has pooped in their store is going to get a high rating from me.

Generally Einstein is the most relaxed, adorable dog you could meet, but he's not big on baths.  Living in an apartment, I'm not exactly down with the long, sopping fur being shaken frantically all over the bathroom, the carpet, the etc etc etc.  So we [read: I] decided it'd be a good idea to try Wag n Wash.

Let's be honest, this place is pretty adorable.  There are fire hydrants out front - the moment I walked in, all spacey eyed and wondering how you went about this, I was greeted all friendly like by multiple people, who also fawned over Einie (he did not mind!) & cheerfully showed me the ropes.

They lead us past the store part, with the supplies & treats & really cute cookie bar area, to an enclosed section with all the raised tubs.  They gave me a little sheet with the different bathing packages, prices & what they each came with & let me read it over - I decided to go with the middle one, which allowed me choose from a bunch of shampoos, get leave-in conditioner, and doggy cologne for just a couple bucks more - haha, seriously? doggy cologne? I thought that was pretty funny at first, but by the end, after I had spritzed it all over Einstein & realized he smelled better than I'd ever smelled him before, I was convinced!

I am about to get so wordy if I don't slow myself down, so let me try to sum up a little better than I have been.

Awesomeness:
*choices of everything! treats, washes, leashes, fire hydrants!
*such a nice staff, asking often if I needed/wanted any help - quick & cheerful cleaning of poo! on a different occasion, took 2 dogs in to get their nails clipped- clipper lady was so nice & professional! even with one heinously misbehaving dog!
*Waist (or higher, in my shorty case) high tubs! No more painful back b/c of your stupid low tub!
*Supplies you don't have at home that are more helpful than you imagined they'd be!: car wash lookin' dryer, plastic apron, suction-cupping collar deal so that your bath-hating dog doesn't jump out of the tub & go gleefully gallumphing around the enclosed area...
*totally cheap self-wash price. I think the mid-package was like $15, & I feel like I completely got my money's worth.
*Walls around tubs high enough to keep doggy comfortable - Einstein didn't even *notice* there was another dog in there with him!

Not as awesome?:
*My cowardly Whinestein was pretty freaked out by the dryer at first, but I didn't want to stick him in the car all sopping wet, so I had to go real slow with it.
*No grassy area - just asphalt & sidewalk. I guess I can understand, cleanliness issues if all the dogs are going/walking/sniffing in a little strip of grass out front!

At the end of the trip, after Einstein pooed in the store (I totally take responsibility for this for not making sure he'd gone before the bath), someone STILL offered Ein a free cookie!  Man. Super cool.
Let me exalt your praises, Mucho Gusto. Don't blush darling. Our love will not remain in the shadows! 

Do you remember the time that you almost tried to set my boyfriend on fire? You put on an amazing little impromptu firework show when your misters got into a fight with that pesky string of lights, but you were kind enough to quell our fear and try to erase that memory with free alcohol, you wily little minx. You needn't delete him from the equation. We're usually game for a three way with you, Mistress Gusto.

That was right when the two happiest hours in my otherwise hellacious day were coming to an end. You do know that between the hours of four and six, your warm embrace and sweet nectar are all I need to forget about the dramarama of the office. The memories of your hibiscus, tamarind and mango margaritas, frosty Dos XXs and generous glasses of sauvignon blanc bring a smile to my face, especially with a three dollar price tag.

And you're always very gracious when I graze freely on the chips and salsa when I'm feeling frugal. I don't know what combination of chili and spices you sprinkle on your toasty little delights, but they're positively divine. Although they can't even hold a candle to your tasty salsa.

To help keep me from acting like a lush, which would greatly embarrass me in your presence, you offer half price appetizers during happy hour. That guacamole of yours with the pomegranate seeds has a zesty twist, while your gigantic Mexican pizza and mountainous machaca nacho plate have lured large groups of my friends to your patio and bar on many an occasion. Sharing is caring, and you're trying to teach the world to be a better place, one shrimp cocktail at a time. 

When I'm feeling like a nice lunch or dinner instead of our usual rendezvous, your pozole always brings me happiness, with snow white hominy afloat in a sea of green and lots of tortillas to sop up that goodness. Your Colorado Stew is likewise as delectable, as are the Mexican street tacos. I especially dig how you let me mix and match three tacos, so I can add a red chili pork taco and fried fish taco into the mix!

Your cute little bistro setting with the beaded lamps and cushy bench seating made a delightful setting for a first date, while your exemplary menu, service and specials has had me coming back ever since. It's a good thing I'm not the jealous type, because I want to share you with all of Tempe.
This place was disappointing on different levels. First, the food was okay but not great. I thought the naan was below average and tasted more like flatbread than what naan is supposed to taste like. My dish was the chicken tikka masala and it just lacked flavor and any hint of spiciness. I did get the mango shake and it was truly excellent!

The waiter seemed quite inpatient throughout the night. On a couple instances he assumed what we meant instead of getting clarification; thus, bringing out the wrong thing. Then the restaurant turned off the music 10 minutes before closing and basically tried to rush us out. Seriously??? Not a way to keep business coming back! I mean, chill out... most of us were pretty much finishing up at that point so at least give the diners the courtesy of a full experience.

Too many better options to want to come back here...
Went here with a friend recently after some golf... It was the second time I had been here.

The first time was probably some time last summer, and all I remember is that I was unimpressed.

Decided to give it another shot, and ordered the Peak Burger.  This burger sounded like quite a nice sandwich, with andouille sausage, remoulade, ciabatta bread, etc.  I made sure to order it medium rare, but it was clearly cooked to well done, without even a touch of pink.  This, of course, left the meat nice and dry.  The bread was also overly crisp, and it was light on the sausage and sauce.  

The fries were excellent, but it was easily the most disappointing hamburger I have had in some time.

A quarter of the way through the burgers (both of us ordered medium rare burgers, and both were well done), we notified the waiter.  He offered to have them remade, but we figured it wouldn't be worth the wait.

Oddly, we were not comped for the overcooked burgers.  Not even free fries, drinks, or anything.  No apology when he brought our checks...

I'll give them a star for good fries and IBC root beer (though they could pick a better root beer).  But I'll pass on the underwhelming entrees and cold treatment.
We hit up Tapas Papa Frita for Restaurant Week. First, let me just say that Restaurant Week should represent a deal of some sort. Fortunately, it did here. $29 got you an entree, tapas, dessert, AND a glass of sangria or house wine, so roughly a $10-$12 discount. Perfect.

The tapas were pretty well executed. I enjoyed the Pimiento de Piquillo con Centollo: Crab-stuffed peppers in a saffron sauce. They were incredibly good. The Chorizo just wasn't for me; VERY smoky, but my dinnermates enjoyed it. The Espada de Solomillo left a bit to be desired; nothing was wrong with it, but it just felt uninspired. Finally, the Tortilla de Patatas (Spanish potato pie) was tasty and well-executed, and a decent portion at just $4.50. (The other tapas were closer to the $7-$9 territory, but this was AZ Restaurant week, so we weren't paying attention.)

Our server was attentive, friendly, knowledgeable, and there when we needed her. She even quietly placed the dessert spoon properly for my left-handed friend; something he noticed, but the rest of us wouldn't have ever caught, since she simply did it and brought no attention to it. Very good attention to detail with something like that.

Our entrée were quite decent, but the paella valenciana was a bit lacking for me. It was a bit light on the seafood, and seemed almost hastily put together in a sense. It was tasty, but it wasn't absolutely incredible, and I think I prefer Pepin's, though I haven't tried it in some time.

They rounded things out with a fantastic creme brulee and an incredible apple dish called the Manzana al horno: Chocolate-stuffed apple with a Cider-Chantilly cream. It was absolutely fantastic, and had a bite of mint to it. 

The sangria also got good reviews, though I stuck to my teetotaling ways. 

Overall, a pleasant experience that left us just the right amount of full. I enjoyed the blend of tapas and entrée, and though I wasn't blown away by the paella, I think I'll be back. It was a really enjoyable time, and the live music was great too. (The serving staff costumes were a bit on the nose, but it's part of the ambiance, I suppose.)
Ok- the store is a 4 star, possibly 5.

The parking 0. It's beyond ridiculous. If you want your car to be dented or worse, this is the location for you.

The bathrooms 0, sometimes a 1.

The bookstore and it's people are a 4 or a 5.  Always nice and willing to help any way they can.  This location is out of my way a bit ( I have one less than a mile from my house) but go to this location about 5 miles away because the other location is that deplorable. 

All things considered, this location is worth it in comparison to most other locations I have been to.
Pascucci is a great place for a bite, brew or something sweet.  they're open late too--it's a nice place to go when you're not in the mood to go bar-hopping.  This was my second visit to Pascucci Coffee.  Once again the staff were polite, helpful and prompt.  

Pascucci serves chilled blended coffees, hot coffee and a variety of espresso drinks (not as big of a selection of Starbucks, but when the quality of brew is superior this was the last thing on my mind).  I sampled a few flavors of gelato, (sugar free vanilla and chocolate--both were decadent, flavorful and didn't have an aftertaste of artificial sweetener), while I debated on my drink order.  


It was a chilly  night so I opted for a coffee; my Americano was one of the best I've had.  The espresso has a slightly sweet and nutty flavor--I didn't have to add much sugar and cream to please my palette.  Absolutely no bitterness from first sip to the very last drop.  My date said that the white chocolate latte was delicious.  We savored every sip as we lounged on the covered patio.  

I love this place because there are many seating options to choose from:  patio, covered patio, comfy chairs, tables, or the bar.  Plus, you can get a bite to eat too.  The menu items looked really fresh and tasty--everything in made-to-order.  Obviously, I'll be back.
I didn't expect to hear people speaking French in Arizona, but I also didn't know I'd wind up at the Sandwich Club. Lavazza espresso--just like a Parisian cafe! It's all "madamoiselle" and "monsieur" and "voila" at this simple, cheery restaurant. Excellent savory crepes--mozerella and basil, goat cheese and tomato. The spinach salad (sans bacon) was also very nice. We returned for a sweet crepe with Nutella and bananas. You could probably put Nutella on a shingle and I'd love it, but I digress. This appears to be a family operation, with the father and son standing out front, soliciting patrons like carnival barkers, while mama makes the crepes. I could be totally wrong about the familial relationships, though. Either way: bon appetit!
I stumbled on to this place while rushing to my next flight, I didn't have too much time but needed to eat something, so I tried this place.  I ordered the French Dip and a salad, I have to say it was pretty good.  They also have a great selection of pastries that I didn't try but they looked pretty tasty.  Next time for sure :-)
I've been coming here since they opened up as the first restaurant at Scottsdale Waterfront.  Great seafood, steaks, cocktails and wine.

Stopped by today for happy hour.  The calamari is awesome and you can't go wrong with the $5 glasses of wine.

Nice decor and great service.  Patrick the bartender is fantastic!
I was skepticaly of this idea. But my friend wanted to go for her birthday..

PRETTY FREAKN GOOD!

i'd go back...not much else to say. definitely get custard in your shaved ice thing..I don't even know what to call it still.. I liked the fruity and creaminess
Robin Andrews has been my massage therapist for several years now.  I am a dental hygienist and have had many back and neck issues.  Robin is very thorough and knowledgable in many forms of massage therapy.  She is also an  aesthetician and master hair designer.  Robin just makes things better and I always look foreward to visiting her.
Un-Real best BBQ, very good!
I have been going here for about two years now. My wait times are usually long. The waiting room is usually empty when I arrive, so I can never understand why it always takes 10 - 15 minutes to see me, then another 10 - 15 minutes for the doctor to arrive.  

There are plenty of thing that still irk me about this place besides waiting: They take a lunch from noon until 1:30 pm, so if you have a lunch break and need to talk to someone, tough luck. Why do they need an hour and a half for everyone to take a lunch? Also, getting test results used to come through email or they would call me. Now I have to call them, then call back several times to see if I need to see the Dr again because I'm still sick. Then they tell me he might be sending me a referral in the mail but they don't know yet... SO I wait for the mail to arrive for a week and nothing.  Do I call back? Has Dr Tran decided whether I should get a referral yet? 

It's so strange. 

I am buying myself a car today just so I can go to see a doctor I don't have to walk to. This place is far too disorganized.
I love FRESH bagels and Einstein has a great selection! This is my go-to place if I'm in a rush and just need a bagel and coffee to-GO. They also have bagel sandwiches and even pre-packed salads. 

My favorite is their Honey Wheat Thin bagel and the Cranberry Bagel. 

Service is fast. You place your order at the first counter and pay at the second counter.
Food was good, would have liked my sushi roll as an appetizer instead of with my po-boy.  Also would have been nice if the server offered dessert.
Most important:VERY EXPENSIVE!!!  A filet, sautéed spinach, and shittake mushrooms cost me $70!  An iced tea $4. A latte $7.  Three beignets with chocolate sauce $9.  Food was delicious though, with outstanding service.  Think I would come here only for speciual occasions.
Yes, the Staff is amazing: very conscientious, very friendly, and the General Manager, Tracy, stopped several times to chat with us.  The tots are AMAZING, but when I complained to Tracy that they must have been cooked in the same oil as the fish, he did not hesitate one second to offer us a second dish of sweet potato tots, on the house!

I was there with a friend for lunch, and the place was hopping with a good crowd.  It is a tavern like atmosphere but brighter, cleaner, and more welcoming!
Stumbled on this place while exploring downtown Phoenix.  I had no idea about the Alice Cooper connection until I got inside.  I wasn't expecting much, but it was actually pretty good food.  I had the BBQ Sampler.  It had ribs, smoked turkey, hot link and brisket. The nice thing was that each item had its own sauce.  Another cool thing was that there was a neighborhood festival going on that day so after I finished my lunch, I hung out and listened to bands all afternoon.
This was my first time at Devoured and it was great! I know some of the other reviewers were upset about the heat. Perhaps they didn't notice that there was a lovely museum with air conditioned halls and excellent exhibitions that one could retreat to when slightly flushed from all that sun (read: wine). 

I thought it was well organized with plenty of places to sit down and relax. I am in total agreement with Patrick H. The Kobe and Lobster sliders were definitely a stand out as was the peanut butter mousse with peanut brittle and chocolate fudge. 

As always, the Pillsbury wines were fantastic. Pillsbury- you did not lie. The Roan red was a wonderful BBQ wine and great for the early spring heat we were experiencing. This event was very successful in my opinion. I am now excited about eating in AZ and we are planning on becoming Pillsbury members. 

Well done Phoenix Art Museum, Local First Arizona, and The Arizona Republic!
Man, they get you in and out!

Ordered:  BBQ Baby Back ribs..4.0 / 5.0
Ordered:  Green Chili Pork Stew 2.5 / 5.0

French Fries were cold, Pork stew was dry.  Drinks were surprisingly small. Wait service very, almost too efficient.  In and out in 45 minutes.
Make sure you get everything you need when your waiter shows up because you'll likely not see them again.  

Not sure I'd return on my own, but if someone wanted to go, I'd go.
Purchased a Groupon offer with these folks. They no showed when the appointment was scheduled and had some message on their phone saying that there was a 'technical' glitch and they lost all of the information.

Funny since I got an email on Saturday from Groupon confirming my appointment.

I smell a rat. Company did a deal with Groupon and could not handle the volume and made up some lame excuse to get out of it.

Honorable company would say "Leave your name and number and we will call you within 24 hours to take care of mistake"...not call them and see if you can get a refund.

Or how about this....ANSWER YOUR PHONE and don't hide behind a voice mail.
I love Classic Italian Pizza. Their pizza is consistently good. Every time the crust is crispy and never soggy. The pizza always tastes fresh and delicious so I love going to eat there. I also love that this place is never too crowded. Their tiramisu is also delicious. It is a hidden gem. Tonight I went to Grimaldi's and their pizzas were definitely not comparable. Grimaldi's was heavy and soggy. It felt like I had eaten a brick after leaving, much too heavy. I will continue to frequent Classic Italian and probably avoid Grimaldi's for a while.
I went to Bliss/Rebar for brunch on Sunday and it wasnt very busy at all which was nice to get us in without having to wait.  It was my 3rd time eating at this place and while it is getting better I am not sure it is where it needs to be.  This place is super close to my house but I always over look it because I am just not impressed with the food and sometimes the service.

This time we had a pretty chill waiter.  They had a daily special that I wanted to get without one of the ingredients and was told they couldnt do it, which was fine so I had to pick something else.  When we came to deliver our food, which seemed like it took a long time, he had asked the chef to make the special without the ingredient I didnt want which I thought was pretty cool.

Another thing that they have to remember is that the kitchen area is open for the customers to see.  There were several times that I would glance over and see the chef "smell" ingredients which made to feel that things may not be super fresh at this establishment.  I dont know if I will go back to this place to food but their outside areas are nice and should be packed when the weather is nicer.
Ive reviewed the location in Chandler and this one feels the exact same. Love love love Famous Dave's.

Im not a big fan of their sides, but their corn, corn bread and ribs are the best Ive ever had.  In fact, I think Id rather replace two sides with two more ears of corn.. lol.  Wonder if I can do that.

Great service and we were seated quickly :)
What it's not. Al's on Taylor street. Not be sue the food isn't good. It doesn't have a great location and it's not a made over garage with no restroom.

What it does have is one of the best Italian Beefs in Phoenix.  I get it sweet and dipped. 

And the fries. If you like fresh cut fries and I do, this is the place. Whenever I'm in Scottsdale which is about once a week I drop by and say Hi to Barry and get my Chicago fix.

I also get the Jumbo Char Dog. This is one Hot Dog. While the regular dog is a natural casing Vienna Dog the Jumbo Char Grilled is as good as it gets.

I grew up on places they Fluky's and Weiners Circle as well as Mustards Last Stand just to name a few. 

My Chicago food cred is second to none.

In Chicago my Beef priority would be Al's, Mr Beef, Luke's and then a few real mom and pops like Roma's or Captain Nemo's. actually Captain Nemo's was pretty good yet not what I would call a traditional Beef. 

Anyway I digress. Just like in Chicago my first choice for Beef would be Al's, second when I'm near downtown or Chandler it would be Luke's and just like in Chicago the only time I would go to Portillos is when every one else that has a good beef is closed. 

One piece of advice for people who have tried an Italian Beef and didn't like it. If they had a sign saying they serve Vienna Italian Beef. That has to be some of the worst Beef and Gravy made. The thing about all the other Beef Places I mentioned in AZ is that they make their own. The only Beef I would by that is a Name Brand would be Scala. Have never seen a place in Phoenix that has it.

And is it just me or has Oregano's gone downhill in the last year.

Al's is still number one, even in Phoenix. just like in Chicago.
Not sure where to start. Poor service, food and drinks.

My wife and I went there today for lunch. Our waiter made our cocktails because "the bartender sucks." Well, the waiter sucked at making ours too. At a slow time (like 3pm), tables were messy and service was slow. 

Their salsa is like spicy, smoky ketchup. I had the spinach enchiladas and they were bland. My wife had the fish tacos and I think the fish was kids' fish sticks. 

Blue Agave is that bad. Don't waste your time.
I think their food is great. Have never been disappointed by the quality. But I do have the say, the service is somewhat lacking. I've only been here at night, when it was dead, so I didn't have much to say about that. But then I went here during their lunch rush and it was awful. Chipotle gets just as busy and I am in and out in 10 - 15 minutes flat. At Smashburger it took me 40 minutes to get my salad. 40 minutes!? Then on top of that, the lady gave me the incorrect order. I got all the way to my car and thankfully had the inkling to look before driving away. I came back and they gave me the correct order, but didn't apologize. And the woman said, "I tried to catch you before you left. I'm glad you came back." Umm how hard did you try exactly? You must've whispered my name.

I won't stop going here because of that, I'll just never ever go during lunch again. I suggest you take a note from Chipotle, maybe change up how you take or give the orders, because 40 minutes for a salad is absurd.
LOL. OK so I bought a bunch of Potbelly stock on their IPO day. Cramer hyped it. A lot of articles recommend the stock....I bought as a lets see what happened type investment. Then it hits me I have never been to or even seen a Potbelly sandwich shop. So off we go to Potbellys. Honest opinion..OK better than subway for sure.....better than quiznos for sure.....Jimmy Johns...equal.....so so could be better could be worse. Growth is the hype...so lets see what happens. Nothing bad food wise nothing great.......service...sandwich shop service do not make more of it then it is.
The writing on the front door is correct, I was welcomed to my new favorite restaurant. 
Logan, or shall I rename him Logan The Amazing, completely enlightened us with a whole other genre of cocktails. Cocktails with the smoothness and subtlest flavor nuances that wine drinkers like us so adore. Starting with the Luxor cherry garnish and right on through the beautiful colors of sunrise in his Howard Hughes, the delicious smoothness of his Kentucky Draper, he wowed us with his artistic use of every type of liquor. My mind is opened and the cocktail standard has been elevated to  unbelievable heights.
Oh, and yes, we did eat dinner as well... The food was completely fresh and so delicious. The oysters were as good as anything on the coast, which is a real feat for Arizona! The sea bass was masterfully prepared and the ciopinno was the best, freshest, I have ever had, and I have lived on both coasts. If you can get it, it is a must! The dinner began with the beet salad that was so nicely dressed, with such a smooth dressing that understood it's place was to enhance the vegetables, not try to make a name for itself. The vegetables (beautiful beets must be adored) were all at perfection, making this simply the most well balanced and perfect salad I have ever had.
Amber was our server and we are so glad as she was a wonderful guide through our evening. She is kind, fun, and very well versed on the menu. We thank her, above all, for her dessert selection, the salted carmel pudding, and introducing us to Logan!
The service is really fast. The prices are good. Tofu soups run around $9. The bipimbap and the bbq is a deal compared to other Korean places as it is around $11 and $13. The side dishes are good. I don't care for the apple mayo thing they got going on. Korean restaurants should stick with Korean side dishes. I love how their rice comes in stone pots.
Always enjoyed coming here.  I've been to the location in Scottsdale and Denver at Park Meadows mall.  Never disappointed.

Decor is beautiful.  Great for lunch or dinner.  The one at Park Meadows is located next to an American Girl Doll store that doesn't have a cafe inside.  They honor the girls bringing their dolls to lunch.  Cute.

Skinny on the food:

I am one for mixing things up when I go to a restaurant BUT this place is the exception.  Filet Mignon Cobb Salad every time.  It's big enough to split with another person too.
Can't say more than what has already been said.  A warm, cozy place. With fresh, homemade food. I'm not polish, my husband is, and we both loved it. We'll be back soon.
I recently started working with Mark, who is based at the Scottsdale location.  He is one of the most knowledgeable therapists I have worked with.  He is also personable and empathetic not to mention very nice to work with.  The rest of the staff is also rather awesome to deal with.  Hurt?  Well, after you talk to a doctor, I would personally suggest you talk to these folks.  There is also a Goodyear office too, and though I have not been, they're likely just as good.  

Not often I offer 5 stars, but 5/5.
Best Mexican food I've ever had.
I have been buying from Discount for 20 years and cant even imagine going anywhere else. This store is within blocks of another Discount Tire but I go here because it seems to be less crowded.
Not being a big fan of fry bread, so I was a little hesitant to try this place.  But based on other reviews and a friend's recommendation I figured I'd give it a try.  Wow, am I glad that I did!  I strayed from the typical fry bread toppings and got the grilled chicken. I was impressed with the flavor of the chicken and the bread mad a good compliment to the rest of the toppings.  I will definitely be going back and trying some of their other selections.
I drove past this place soooo many times and I am now kicking myself.  This is possible the best pizza I have ever had.  The decor of the restaurants is amazing and they had a fantastic menu.  The service was amazing!  Just a great place! I still can't believe how cheap my bill was. Prices for pizza are very reasonable considering the quality of ingredients you are getting.
I'm torn.  Really torn.  Is it 3 stars? No, but  is it 2 and a half? Is it 2? 
 I'm not sure and I'll let you make up your own mind after you read this.

Pho House is in a crappy strip mall in a crappy neighborhood.  When you walk inside, it looks a little crappy there too.  Now that you've read that and you're still reading, I'll tell you more.

The food is good.  It's not  REALLY good, but it's just slightly better than just OK.  I've had the Pho, and I've had the #1 ---BBQ'ed pork chops with an egg and rice and Vietnamese sausage. 
The Pho is good. Close to excellent.  The bowls are not as huge as other places, but it's by no means a small bowl.  You won't be hungry.

The Spring Rolls don't have mint in them.  I'm sad, but the guy who takes the orders and serves the food says that he can't argue with the cook.  That's the way she makes them...they're also really chewy.  Not great.

The #1 was very disappointing.  The rice was old, the sausage may possibly have been rotten.  The egg--how can you screw up an egg?  was  OK.  The pork chops were cooked in a delicious seasoning, but they were really overcooked.

The drinks are horrendously over priced, but fresh and pretty tasty.  I don't recommend his Thai iced tea.  he makes it thicker than I like, but his strawberry smoothies are pretty bomb.

 I've brought two different people with me the two times I've been there and both of them have told me that the food is great---note, they both had Pho and Spring Rolls. Personally,  I think it can't even touch Pho Than--HOWEVER, the guy who serves us is a total sweetheart, and Pho House is closer to me than Pho Than is. 

Major kudos goes to the man who runs the front--I really need to learn his name next time.  He's obviously not ever been trained in restaurant work, but he's SUPER DUPER nice.  
 Next time I go (and there WILL INDEED be a next time)  I'm sticking to the Pho and I'll be happy.  Everything else is suspect. LOL!


Well,  I drove by, realizing that contrary to what I wrote in my review, I had NOT returned to Pho House, and they have closed.  I feel bad for them, but this was not a complete surprise.
It's hard not to stop into TJ Maxx when there's a Ross and Ulta right next to it. That's pretty much the only reason I ever really go in and each time I hope to find a nice quality item at a discount price. I don't know if it's just me but every time I try to do just that I leave TJ Maxx disappointed and empty-handed. I will say that the store is cleaner than the nearby Ross but there's prices are slightly steeper and I feel like the two stores are exactly the same (again, except for the tidiness). Maybe I'll just skip TJ Maxx from now on and keep on trying Ross and maybe even Nordstrom Rack nearby...
Our waiter, Rhino, tried very hard tho there was some inconsistency on the arrival of our dishes.  He was very helpful and tried to ease the confusion.  The food was great and you gotta love 1/2 price wine bottle night.
Our group of five was looking for a quiet, local place to enjoy dinner.  We could not have asked for a better location.  The view, simply amazing.  The atmosphere, quirky and vibey.  The salads were gorgeous and tasty.  The appetizers looked like a Top Chef quick fire challenge winner.  The entrées were almost flawless.  

I personally had the filet mignon and loved it.  Everyone had dessert.  Visually, if they tasted half as good as they looked, Vu is a shining star in the Fountain Hills area.

Only complaints:  Everyone had to keep asking for refills when the server could easily see in the empty glasses in the 1/8 filled restaurant.  Getting information via phone since they share the line with their salon and boutique.  I couldn't get immediate info and had to call back.
Good place for common food!!!. Ingredients tasted incredibly fresh for a dessert restaurant. LOVE the garlic fries. Nice view of the Superstition mountain. 

Be prepared to wait, everyone wants to try this delicious food.
PRICEY! thats all! :-) Staff is very friendly but holy shit are they expensive!
This place was overpriced and not that good. The bread tasted old and stale, the meat was alright, there are just a lot better options if you want to spend $13 on a meal. The only reason I have two stars instead of one is because the workers were really nice and helpful, it's not their fault the sandwiches they're serving are not quality.
Posh is a great place, I love the concept of telling a trained Chef what you love and what you really want to try and having that Chef create something just for you. My Fiancée and I had wanted to try this restaurant for a very long time and on May 14th we finally did. 

Our waiter was awesome he was very attentive and knowledgeable in both wine and the food that was prepared.  The food was really great in taste and in presentation. The wine parings chosen for each course were perfect for what I was eating, I love good wine. My only bad note was maybe that it was a little over priced and the courses are very small so if you are really hungry get 7+ courses. This place would be perfect if it was a little more reasonable on the price. The food was great I tried things that I would have never thought of ordering, this was a true party in my mouth :) If you are a Foodie this is a must try.
Service is more on the rude side... We found a hair in our water and when we asked the waitress for new water and glasses the she acted upset and inconvenience and did not apologized. The establishment over all is dirty. The food was good, not good enough to come back.
I'm a big fan of Leaps. Their frozen custard is wonderful! I enjoy being able to get a small portion because it is good enough that you don't have to eat barrels of it to feel like you've had a good dessert.
The atmosphere is very nice. They have tables, but also leather chairs and a comfy couch. Even better, they have FREE WIRELESS INTERNET! Yeah! I've seen everyone there from high school volleyball players to business people making huge financial deals. It's a great spot, especially in the summer.
. Fries were cold and burger was rubbery, young kids running it and doing a horrible job. IN AND OUT IS BETTER AND CHEAPER FOR YOUR BASIC BURGER.
I like Cracker Barrel. Well...at least this one. I've never been to any other location. 

No, the food isn't great (at least the lunch/dinner options), but it's not bad. It's been awhile since I've been here for breakfast, but if I recall that stuff is actually quite good (and cheap).

My dad freakin' LOVES this place. We came here for his birthday dinner recently so that's what I'm basing this review on. I got fried chicken and it came with two sides. The fried chicken was actually quite good. It was crispy on the outside, juicy on the inside, and nice & hot. Cracker Barrel gives you several different side options w/there meals (like, around 10). I had the hash brown casserole thingy, which is also a side they serve with breakfast meals. It's yummy! Basically, it's cheesy hash browns. I also got turnip greens. They were OK, but not great. They were kind of watery & lukewarm. I get the impression most of the sides at Cracker Barrel are cooked well in advance and just sit around most of the day. I also think turnip greens are most likely an unpopular side, and therefore probably sit around longer, without a fresh batch getting made.  I also had some lemonade to drink. It's basically liquid diabetes, which also means it's delicious! 

This place is ALWAYS packed (on the weekends anyway). This was the first time I've been here since moving back to AZ in June, but it's not for lack of trying. I've tried to stop in w/my parents a few times over the past few months, but the wait was ridiculous (this past time we waited 20 minutes for a table, which really wasn't all that bad). Cracker Barrel has a gift shop set up as you wait where they sell overpriced country/southern novelties.

Service was fine & the food here is VERY affordable. I probably wouldn't choose this place, but I don't mind coming here at all w/my dad who like I said, LOVES this place.
This place is a very well kept secret.  The owner and staff are wonderful.  Service is great.  Updated interior very inviting.  Best Pa-naeng and Drunken Noodles in the valley.  We love this place! The Drunken Noodles are so comforting in the cooler months.
Met a good friend and family here while I was in town on business.  We all enjoyed our food and the service was great.  The bar was fun while waiting and they have a nice selection of brews.
Every time I eat here, I feel like someone has invited me to their house and fixed me a simple yet toothsome meal. Very simple menu, great selections of wine by the glass, wonderful service. This is not your usual over the top empty feeling chain, it's food that comes from a place where people care. Ask about specials, ask for something if you don't see it. 

Don't be in a hurry, though the service is quick. This isn't fast food, it's good food.
I bought some ticket to the AZ Derby Dames season opener being held at the Coliseum. Doors were supposed to open at 6:00pm and the event started at 7:00pm. we arrived at 6:30pm and the line was enormous! No one knew what was going on and the lines barely moved. Over and hour later they just shut the ticket windows and it was a stamped to the entrance. I am shocked that no one was hurt or even killed. 
Once inside we had to stand in the drink line for about 30 min. They had two inexperienced girls making mixed drinks and pouring beer. The tap ran dry as soon as we got to the front of the line. 
This building is old and smelly. I have never seen a more poorly executed event! 
I feel bad for the Derby Dames, as it was not their fault, but I do suggest that they find a new venue that can handle the amount of fans they have.
It's that it was terrible it's that it's sooooo incredibly generic and it was one of the loudest restaurants I've ever been to. Too generic for me to go back. Also waaaay to overpriced for the quality. Olive Garden is better and cheaper.
I have now stopped into this Chompie's now twice.  I historically have gone to Einstein's for bagels, and while I enjoy them everyone I have spoken to has sworn by this place.  They were right.  I really loved the cheddar bagel here.  It was incredibly fresh and not overally toasted.  I absolutely was impressed with the size of their bakery with some sugar free options.  I was almost a little overwhelmed by everything they had.  I can't wait to stop in some time to try one of there breakfast or lunch items.
Well I have to say for a court I was treated fair and had no issues with anything. The judge I had was very professional and I feel I was treated fairly by him.
I LOVE Kohls in general and this store is pretty ok. I guess the word I can use to best describe it is untidy. There are aspects about this store that could use some work but overall, I like the quality of the clothes, and you can't beat the price. The staff is always friendly and nice. I've even been here at Black Friday and the staff never seems frazzled or stressed. And they have a good mix of people working there which is nice. It's not the same old cookie cutter type of retail employee. They really run the gamut.

So here are the things that need help that cause me to give this store just 3 stars:
I have found that at this particular location though, you cannot at all trust the sizing on the hangers and you really do need to check the garment itself to confirm the size you are purchasing. I can't tell you how many times I thought I was getting one size and it was something else entirely. Additionally, it is not easy to navigate this store with a baby stroller. There are so many racks of clothes and shelves that it's just a real struggle to shop with the stroller. And most of the time, the shelves clearly need help and haven't been touched. Whenever I see the employees in the different sections of the store, they are putting out more stuff instead of neatening up what's out there. 

I do do the surveys that they give me on the receipts but the store never changes. 

I will keep coming back to Kohl's though. I do love the store from mens, to kids, to the housewares, to the ladies styles... you just can't beat it. I just hope they tighten up some of their frayed edges.
Defalco's is a great place to get Italian sandwichs, I especially like the meatball sandwich, but the lasagna is great as well.  Cheesesteaks are good and could be the best in Phoenix, but Pats in Philly is better.  I have Defalcos on my speed dial and I recommend calling in your order to be picked up 30 minutes later because that is how long it can take to get it when ordered there anyway.  Well worth the wait though.
Food is amazing.... It.keeps.me.coming back! you have to try the pot stickers they are to die for!!!
I couldn't resist all the banners and balloons this morning so I made my way to the drive through for and early morning treat. 

I've never really been crazy about Dunkin but thought they are brand new and it's early maybe I'll get something fresh and tasty. 

I ordered one chocolate-chocolate donut with sprinkles. 
The girl hands me a bag with a plain cake donut with chocolate icing and sprinkles, no napkins. 

I had to throw it in reverse and tell her again I wanted a chocolate donut with chocolate frosting and sprinkles. 

Bag number 2 contains a chocolate donut with chocolate frosting, but no sprinkles and no napkins. 

The donut was fresh but it's texture was so weird like rubbery spongy cake, it tasted good after the first few bites but gave me the worst heart burn that I had nearly all day despite the heavy does of zantac and 4 bottles of water. 

Kind of hard to give stars here I don't hate it, I don't love it, but most likely will not be returning. I just think there are better donuts to be had.
Excellent burgers that are very unique for the menu. Such a "Chill" atmosphere with plenty of bar tables and decent size bar. Perfect place to start and end your happy hour. Andrea is an excellent server and you can tell everyone helps out with the guests. The food is made exactly as I expected and asked the first time!
I  would never, never, never take my dog to get groomed there again.  I have a goldendoodle and I told the groomer to NOT shave her and only cut the matts out.  I wanted her to be long!!!!! When I picked up my dog she not only looked horriable they shaved all her hair off to the skin.  I cried when I saw her and I am sick about it.  Megan the groomer should not be grooming dogs.  She is just lazy and did not want to take the time to comb her out.   I have taken her to other groomers with the same amount of matts and they NEVER shave her!!!!!   I just asked for a shampoo and brush out.   NOT a haircut or shave.  My last words to the groomer were just cut them out and make her look cute!!!! My poor dog looks like it is dying!!!! She went from being the cutiest dog ever to being the UGLY!!!!! Please never take your dog to Megan at Lookout Mountain again.  LOVE the vets...Hate the groomers!!!.
Awesome local place to eat, especially the Friday night fish fry.  You can get the battered, all you can eat, fried cod, or have it grilled.  Very yummy.  Reasonable price.  All you can eat fried fish $9.95' or a large piece of the grilled cod.  During winter visitor times, very crowded, and they don't take reservations.  Suggest you go about 6:30 pm to get there after the residents have eaten.
What can I say, this place has eclectic options and is a great spot for people watching.  With an outdoor dining area and belly up to bar service, it's a great spot (except in summer when it's too hot to be outside).  Great beer and wine selection and the food is great.
Very soggy pizza, my sub same very soggy. They need to cook their bread products more. Boneless wings taste like the came from a TV dinner and out of a microwave. Service was slow, drinks were empty before an offer for refill.

Not coming back.
Love the food. Went on a whim to try something different, can't stop going back. It clean, they are super nice and the food is much for not much $. The manupa everyone talks of is the best!
When more than 400 Yelpers are telling you to give Delux a try, you should probably listen!  While there really isn't anything unique about this small modern burger bar, Delux comes up where it needs to; it offers up a delicious burger.  There are only two on the menu (the Delux burger and the classic standard burger), but my party of four ordered them in a different way, and no one complained.

I had the classic burger cooked medium with swiss cheese.  When it arrived at the table I cut the burger in half, and saw (then tasted) a perfectly medium cooked patty.  I didn't recognize any crazy seasoning or added flavor to the beef, which is a good thing.  I like knowing that I'm eating a premium beef that doesn't require anything more than a pinch of salt and pepper.  And the brioche bun; out of this world!

My table also ordered a basket of regular and sweet potato fries.  The fries come in cool little shopping cart baskets.  Go for the sweet potato fries and dip them in the special aioli, you won't regret it, the fries are crispy and the aioli has a wonderful sweetness that compliments them quite well.

And if you're looking for a quality drink to go with your food, Half of Delux's menu is alcohol.  There's a massive selection of micro brews and imports on tap.  How can you go wrong?  Not into burgers?  There's also a few cool looking sandwiches and salads.  Put off by the location being in a strip mall?  Welcome to Phoenix.  That's where the best local spots are.
I have to totally disagree with Nicole T. I understand what she is saying about it not being a typical Mexican food joint. However, I don't think it claims to be. There are so many typical "less than average" Mexican joints in phoenix, I welcome some different Spanish flair. I had the Cochinita Panil tacos. They were absolutely out of control! My friend and I shared the Queso Fundido which was also terrific. The service was good and the selection of Tequila's is awesome. 

So, while it is not another one of the thousands of Mexican joints in the valley, this one actually has something unique. I cant imagine anyone who has a clue about food at all not appreciating this place. Also, Zagat rates this place one of the top restaurants in the whole city.
I am learning to sew, I love the staff at the MESA store
My husband needed a suit and we didn't have a lot of time to shop. We headed over to the Biltmore dressed in jeans and t-shirts. I was certain we would receive snob treatment for underdressing at the Biltmore. 

We were pleasantly surprised by the awesome customer service we received in the men's department. We had three associates ask us if we needed help from the moment we walked in the store. Andy swooped in and helped us find two great Calvin Klein suits on sale for under $200! The material was beautiful and the cut of the suit was perfect. He had a keen sense of coordinating shirts with ties that best fit the suits we picked out. We then headed over to the men's shoe dept. Again - the same great experience. We found two pairs of shoes that were marked down 50% with an additional 20% off pre-sale coupon! Our savings for that day were incredible. 

The best part - the friendly helpful unpretentious customer service! And the fact that we were in and out in less than an hour. I bet you men don't hear women bragging about leaving the store in a quick manner too often!  Then again, we weren't shopping for me.
I loved this place.... Until it was sold a couple weeks ago. New owner =horrible vibe!!
I have eaten at this place at least 40-50 times over the past 2-3 years and the place has always been one of my top restaurants in town.  However the last 4 times I have been there, service and quality has really gone downhill.  

After last night's dinner experience, I probably won't be going back for some time. Prices have always been on the high side, but I didn't have an issue with that when the quality was good.  However last night dinner came to $148 for 2 people -- with no dessert.  Drinks were small and $14 for an average margarita. 

My friend and I each had 2 margaritas.  Dirty dishes and glasses were never removed from the table.  My chicken dish was way over cooked -- almost like rubber.  The dish was served with cold unseasoned steamed zucchini and bland mashed potatoes which looked burned.  My friend ordered a steak medium-well.  It came out almost raw on the inside.  When this was brought to the attention of the server, he never apologized and simply grabbed the plate away and later returned with the meat cooked to something that looked medium-rare.  We didn't feel like complaining again.  During the entire dinner I asked 3 times to the server to have our water glasses filled, but it never happened.  I know some places can have an off night, but again this was the 4th time in a row for poor food and service.  I am sad to say that Barrio Cafe is officially off my list.
I am so grateful this place has opened! I went to see Phantogram here a couple of weeks ago and had such a great time. As someone who often ventures to shows on her own, i felt safe here (walking in, and walking out), everyone i talked to was friendly, I even ran into some old friends and I always received prompt service both in the lounge and stage area. I loved the use of the "bleachers" to add seating you can see from. & the sound! Such a great sound system. I cannot wait to see more shows here!
The employees were kind and courteous...but the food was Much less than stellar. We had the pot roast which was tough, chewy, and hard to swallow with sauce that tasted like it was obviously from a can...Terrible!  We also had a specialty salad. This salad was miniscule, only about three bite fulls.  The prices considering the quality and portions are astronomical...will not go back, too many other  restaurants to go to that are good even though we need to travel out of Fountain Hills. I would Strongly suggest not wasting your time to even try eating here, it will be simply disappointing.
Great food and an awesome atmosphere, staff is extremely friendly and the prices are reasonable.
Incredible pizza!  Garlic bread was good too!  A little pricey but totally worth it.
This is one of my favorite places to eat.  It has the best chicken fried chicken I have ever had, and the mashed potatoes are excellent.  The salad is simple yet delicious.  The thing with Texaz grill is that I believe you can only go there and order 2 things off of their menu.  They are famous for the chicken fried chicken and the chicken fried steak, this is what you must order, and this is what everyone comes back for. If you are not a fan of these 2 items, then this place is not for you. Everything else on the menu is just average.  The portions are huge, you can easily split an order with someone, or take half of your meal home for left overs, which I think is a great value.  The decor is like a in the middle of nowhere Texas bar,  it's not fancy, and it's not meant to be.
Wifey and I went here a few months ago for lunch with a Restaurant.com gift certificate. I had a French dip sandwich and wifey had some sort of a salad. the food was OKAY, but the atmosphere was jus odd. it's in the lobby of a hotel, and I felt just weird. The server was nice, but the place was dead as dead gets and it was just waaaay out of place.
This store is a average. It has a six month wall. This place does not bag and board new issues unless asked. The store specializes in new stuff only and has almost no back stock. The store has tournaments for card gaming on weekends. The staff doesn't talk to new customers much or ask them if they need assistance. Note for true comic fans...
This store is good for new comics on Wednesdays and supplies but that is about it. Dime-a-dozen store... nothing special.
I have only done the take out buffet and I must say that the food is pretty good. I do pack my container until it is bursting at the seems but for $10 I want to make sure I get my money's worth. (Yes I am greedy but hey at last I can admit it) One of these days I will actually sit down and do the buffet but for now, take out buffet it is!
Kids seem to really love this place. Took the grandchildren for their birthdays and it was OK. We had 1 appetizer, 5 burger platters & 1 child's portion. The cost was almost $100.00. Pretty pricey for burgers!!!! 
The atmosphere is LOUD! You have to talk really loud to be heard across the table.
The food was delicious, the service was great, the atmosphere was amazing. I would definitely come back.

I took my team there for lunch to celebrate the holidays.  It was a little pricey, but I expected that.  We had a great time in a place that was just made for comfy beautiful dining.
What an excellent experience. I strongly recommend these kind folks. The quality and service was second to none.
I've been going to this place for years now...it used to be just a tiny little market with almost nothing in it, and it still kind of is.  Now they have a little cafe next door with a nice mix of Greek Lebanese, Persian, etc. etc. foods.  The market is still there and they have almost nothing there, but they've got the staples.   It's my go to place for the best imported tzatziki!  Need a nice variety of fresh baked non leavened bread?  they've got it!  They also make fresh hummus and babaganoj...  I also can't say enough about the employees! So helpful and knowledgeable.
My husband loved the salmon sashimi
As many others have said: burger, fries, and Shasta soda for $5 including tax.  I was a big sport, though, and got the Fat Ass burger special which came with a double bacon cheese burger, fries and onion rings, and a Shasta for $7.50.  In a moment of weakness, I also went for a magic brownie.  Total bill $9.50.  Knowing that I consumed enough calories for a whole family: priceless.

The burger is like what your dad would make at a family cook-out.  Hand formed patties that are really thick compared to a McBurger.  The onion rings were good.  The fries were also good, but a little on the soft side.  I prefer a fry with a little more crisp to it.  I had the first black cherry Shasta soda I have had since I was probably 12.  

The brownie was really good and definitely worth the $2 and associated guilt.

If the weather is good, there are places to sit outside both in front and in the back.  If the weather is not good, get your food to go; there is some seating inside along the windows, but it would probably get a bit crowded when it is busy.
Really interesting place. Bread is really good and fresh. Very simple sandwiches.
I would say that Sprouts is one of the nicest grocery stores I have been in. When I say nice, I mean it's organized, clean and employees friendly people.
 Fifty percent of my shopping list is here, so I make the trip at least once a week. I would strongly suggest DOUBLE AD WEDNESDAY!!! Wonderful selection of Gluten Free products, organic produce and don't forget the beer and wine!
Chipotle - You never fail me! 
thank you for being so close to home :)
Mothers Day Brunch was awesome from the lamb comps, prime rib, crab legs, Belgium waffles, bacon, omelette, shrimp, sausage and orange juice. Great service and totally stuffed to the point where we could barely move afterwards.
6 of us mostly had a very enjoyable meal (one had an overly breaded/deep fried fish which didn't sit well) in celebration of a recent holiday.  Smorgasbord of an appetizer is a great idea to maybe help you make up your mind as to what to get for dinner.  Special mojitos from the bar were very worthwhile.  Owners/staff are very attentive and always seem to remember our names.
Great modern Mex food with a flare, flaming coffee was a great show and the tequila list is huge the table side guac is a must.
It's more 3.5 than 4 stars.

You're typical Asian Buffet. I'd say it's similar to Pacific in Chandler. The booths need to be re-upholstered in my opinion, but service is decent.

They have a mix of your normal greasy Chinese food options, a sushi bar selection with Sashimi and crab legs. 

It's fairly cheap for a buffet.
This place is on par with every other sandwich chain like it. I still prefer Wildflower Bread Co, but this is a good place to see the real housewives of Gilbert during the week.
A bacon-cheddar biscuit. It's a little bite of heaven on my plate. This was the base for Wy-Not Cafe's eggs benedict and it was fantastic. The huge slab of ham didn't hurt matters, either. Other menu items being brought out to looks pretty tasty. Service was divine. Would I return? Why not.
Don't fly through Phoenix. 

Getting from one gate to another required leaving the secure area, taking a bus, and going through security a second time, which in my case meant it took more than 45 minutes to get between connecting flights. Additionally, the planes here board 45 minutes before takeoff instead of 30 (the standard), so my 1.5 hour layover barely allowed me time to pee before boarding - nevermind finding anything to eat. 

Then we had a runway delay that meant sitting still for half an hour on what was supposed to be a 50 minute flight. To top it off, my bags didn't make it to my connecting flight, and are apparently still somewhere in Phoenix - a day later. 

Bad, bad experience. Never routing through here, or with US Airways, again.
I loved the Pink Spot.  I have been there a few times already.  The first time I had to try the Kona Coffee ice cream.  It was delicious and so I got it in a shake and walked around Roosevelt during First Friday cooling off with my delicious shake.  I, being the coffee addict that I am, went back for another shake a few days later.  Oh my, it is delightful.  A couple of weeks later my husband and I were lunching at Z Pizza and walked through the doorway connecting the two and got the Kona Mint Sundae.  It is a scoop of Kona (my favorite) and Mint Chocolate Chip (his favorite) with hot fudge & whipped cream.  It was perfect for sharing and was a tasty end to our meal.  

Also, they have a really neat lamp hanging up at the end of the counter by the register that looks like white mesh tubes tangled together.  I was really interested in it so I asked the girl behind the counter where it came from.  The owner was sitting at one of the tables so we talked about it.  He even told me where he bought it in (a store up near Kierland Commons) and we had a nice little conversation about the design.  

Pink Spot has a couple of new fans....
what an amazing bakery! and such a friendly family.
Sometimes, I feel cheated by salads at restaurants, because I figure, I could buy a bag of lettuce, dump it on a plate and call it a day for a third of the price! I had a really satisfying strawberry and chicken salad  ($8.99)  here recently and will definitely go back next time I'm in the market for a healthy lunch out: 4 ounces of grilled chicken on a generous heap of salad, topped with blue cheese and fresh strawberries.
I thought this place was kind of a ripoff and the food was mediocre at best.  I got the arroz con pollo and a large drink for just over ten bucks which I personally thought was a lot, but I got a couple salsa cups and took a seat.  The salsas were okay I guess, one is called casera and it sure tasted like the Herdez Salsa Casera you get at the grocery store.
My lunch arrived and it wasn't quite the arroz con pollo I'm used to.  The rice was completely devoid of flavor, the chicken was a very small portion of thigh meat simply grilled which tasted okay but certainly nothing to write home about.
Damn. I thought I had reviewed SP already.  Could be that it's 6 am on a sunday and I haven't gone to sleep yet.  Kids, gotta love em'. Or put them up for adoption.  

Where to begin, where to begin...

First:   Name -   SPICY PICKLE -  A W E S O M E  S A U C E.

All you ass hats that don't like the name, don't fucking eat here.  Hey, I'm not a pickle fan either, but that doesn't stop me deep throating their sammiches. (insert gay joke here).  They could'a called the place "Red Hot Fermented Cucumber".  Yeah, that's nice...

FYI,  They also have a table that resembles a pickle;  not just shaped like pickle, but RESEMBLES a god damn, translucent green Mother effin' pickle. Gigity.    

Second:    Food    -    The first time I ate here, I had a turkey samich with some corn on it and some mildly spicey salsa.  It didn't create the euphoric mexican high I had hoped for, but I remember thinking "damn that is one freshly made sammy"  Fresh...  F - R - E - S - H.   No, none of that "Subway, eat fresh" crapola, I mean fresh like they may have a veggie garden in the back and or a little chicken coop on the roof.  The bad larry did manage to give my tummy a workout later, if you catch my drift, but I'd still eat here again (and again (and again)), it's not like it was Chipotle's carnitas burrito... (According to my girlfriend, I'm not allowed to eat at Chipotle, as it will default me back to bachelorhood)

I've also thad the pleasure of masticating their italian sammy;  chalk full o' meaty, cheesy goodness.   mmmmm, meat and cheese, on warm, grilled bread.. Wait, didn't I I read someone elses SP review about the bread being too hard to chew? WTF is that about?  I here-by offer my services as  "step in chewer" to any sally who can't handle the SP's pannini bread.   

Conclusion:  - This place is bitchen.  The service has always been excellent, and the food has consistently been the same, delish,satisfying fair that keeps a fat, white mo-fo like me comming back for more, and the restaurant itself is a pleasure to eat in.   

STEEEEEEEVE.
I went here for breakfast this last weekend and after reading the reviews and listening to my friend who had already been here, I was excited to try the breakfast.
Let's just say I have had better and was not impressed. Maybe it is this location, or maybe it is that I just expect more for breakfast, but I thought this restaurant was both a waste of tummy space and money!

I ordered The Vatican Skillet, which was dry and lacking a lot! It needed sauce, salt, pepper, you name it, it was missing it! Took most of it home and ate it later all fixed up. 

Will not be returning...
First time to fly into Phoenix was this past weekend.  Renting a car always seems to be the difficult part, but Sky Harbor has a pretty good system.  There is only one shuttle to the main rental car complex (it's a small airport in-itself) so it's pretty easy to get to the terminals and back.

I didn't get to spend much time in the terminal... I arrived in the morning and had to rush to get into a car and drive to get to my destination... and when I was departing, it was early morning for a 7am flight - (not the hour I am the most observant).

I guess I was lucky... no delays and problems for my trip.  I guess it's bad that I remember my layover airport more than my destination airport.
very disappointed in the service the the staff is very disoriented the management lacks leadership it looks like they just hired anyone to hurry up and open the place
09/08/11

Great place for gourmet burgers, but pricey!  I was in the area, returning an item at Bev Mo', when I noticed that the burger place I'd been reading about from so many Yelp friends was right next door.  I had just noticed a Now! Groupon deal that morning where $12 bought $20 worth of food there, so I went in and had a look at the menu and decided that the groupon deal was worth checking out.

Looking at the happy hour menu, I see that it's 3:30p-6:30p Sundays (beer /wine) and Mondays (domestic beer/sliders) and 4p-close Ladies' Night Tuesdays and Wednesdays (1/2 off apps and drinks).  I'll have to check HH on a Wednesday soon!

After poring over the menu for a few minutes and asking lots of questions (organic and local produce and meats are used whenever possible), I decided to customize a Kobe burger w/ gruyere, mixed greens, sprouts, grilled onions, and pepperoncini, on an oatmeal-topped wheat bun, with an apricot chipotle sauce.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bk4FIHt8ODRBPfqL4Fd2aQ?select=7HkjJq2083qp9TxBduhkTw  I upgraded to sweet potato fries for an extra charge.  Sounds great, right?  And it was!  Loved everything on my plate!!  The bun is from a local bakery and made fresh everyday; the veggies were either locally-sourced or organic; and the beef used here are all-natural (no hormones and not GMO).  The sweet potato fries were perfect!!  And the sauce!!  Very tasty- sour-sweet from the apricots, and very spicy!!  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=M9rRM6Eo5YbKLKMG5QiIPA&select=x6pvF_xqhv5mseBAvyEV6g  I also tried the Mac 'n cheese, w/ ham (extra fee).  Very, very cheesy, and very, very good!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bk4FIHt8ODRBPfqL4Fd2aQ?select=R2QAn4cH5v9Is0CtRpTvew
Decided to skip on the apps, but what do we have here?  Complimentary homemade parmesan potato chips!  Next time, I'll have to check out one of the "adult" milkshakes and remember to make room for dessert!  :))

Can't report on the noise level, since it was pretty sleepy indoors when I stopped in at 345p.  The place looks like it picks up a bit later at night, though... The servers were a bit too cool for my tastes-- warm up the room w/ a few smiles and courtesy, please!
they charge a 10% restocking fee. The employees will not tell you about it till you bring the item back, even if you ask about the return process.
My first time at Sushi Eye was for a book club meeting for Happy Hour back in July. I mostly ordered cocktails and a couple of appie specials, which were okay but I wanted to go back and eat a full meal before I reviewed the place.

I stopped in for lunch on a Friday recently and was very surprised to see that between 12 and 1pm, there was NO ONE ELSE at the sushi bar and only two tables taken. Never a good sign. 

The service was friendly and attentive, but what else did she have to do?

Since a lunch sashimi combo would've cost me $18 ($3-6 higher than most other sushi places for lunch), I opted for an Atkins roll ($9; pretty good; never had a roll sans rice before) and a $10 lunch combo with yellowtail sashimi (fine) and some Japanese dumplings (which came fried, yuck...would've liked to have a steamed option...and the sauce was tasteless). The miso soup and small salad was included and they were pretty much like all the other places.

Overall, I left wishing I had stopped at RA or Sushi Ken for a less expensive, more satisfying lunch special.
Had dinner here for the first time and we will definitely be back.  Our server Seth was the best I've had in a while. He knew everything about the menu and made great recommendations. I'm surprised we hadn't heard more about this place before. The crab cakes are fantastic, as were our drinks. Very enjoyable dinner!
Love the atmosphere.  Looks like an old house converted to an English Pub.  Fish an chips are excellent!  Overall, great feel, good food!  Worth the trip.  One other plus is the owners.  Don and Kori are two amazing people who actively get involved with their guest to ensure the best of experiences!
Drinks: Good. I like the different flavors. It must have been a good bartender cause i felt it was worth my $9. I'd come here just to get a drink anytime.

Main Meal: Boyfriend and I got the steaks.  But we both really thought the steaks were just "okay." Not too memorable. The heirloom tomato panzanella topping didn't seem balance out well with the steak flavors or something? Of course the balsamic worked though.
I think I had high standards for this place before I even set foot in the restaurant just b/c the name sounded so delish, unfortunately that's where all the magic stopped.  The decor was nice but it kind of has that chain restaurant vibe and the food just didn't make the cut for me.  I tried the artichoke dip for appetizer, the salmon as my entree, and the souffle as my dessert...none of the dishes blew me away so I didn't end up finishing any of them even though i was famished!
"Picazzo's?" More like "van Garlic." We had the hummus/dolomades appetizer which was WAY overwhelmed by the taste of raw garlic. And the puttanesca pizza on the organic whole grain crust. Again all I could taste was garlic.  Not that I have anything against garlic, but three days after my Picazzo's experience I am still quite vampire-repellant. Service was not great (even though the place was practically empty) and I thought everything was overpriced. Props for the Classic Chocolate Chip cookie/ice cream dessert, though, that was delicious.
Just stopped in for a quick lunch and decided to go for a Bento box.  It's quite a good deal.  For $8.95, you get miso soup, sunomono, salad with ginger dressing, katsu chicken, terriyaki chicken with rice, and a piece of salmon (there are other combinations to choose from, as well).  They also have other inexpensive lunch specials and terrific happy hour deals from 4:00-6:30 and 8:30-close.  While it won't have me running back when I'm craving good Japanese, it's a perfectly good place for a quick, inexpensive meal when in that area.
It feels oh so fitting to be writing my first Yelp review for my favorite restaurant in town. Seriously, if you're thinking about going here, don't hesitate for a second. From the atmosphere to the food and drinks to the crowd, City Hall is what they call, "doing it right."

I noticed a few of the negative reviews had to do with ambiance and the noise levels in the restaurant. I can understand that if one is referring to the bar area, but if you're looking to have a romantic dinner, plan ahead and ask for a quieter table. This place has an outstanding level of service, and I'm sure they'd do everything in their power to accommodate you.

Now, back to last night. We rolled in about 9:15 to grab a late dinner before heading out for the evening. It was spur of the moment, so a friend and I swooped up a couple bar seats with a prime view of what was going down. Within seconds, we had a couple heavily poured 7&7's and the night was off and running (yes, cocktails are $12 here, and while I frown at that most times, they literally fill your glass with liquor, and then splash it with a mixer. So just sip and enjoy, you'll probably only order 2 at most unless you're a lush).

The bartender asked if we needed menus and I replied, "Nah, I'm good, make it the Bone In Filet, Rare plus, side of mushrooms." If you've never been, I highly recommend doing it the same. These guys are such masters, you can even be the guy who orders his steak at a certain temperature (yes, my friend Scott is THAT guy), and they'll nail it on the head every time. There's very little seasoning and spices if any, just perfectly prepared meat that melts in your mouth, not in your hands. I usually have a tough time paying $25-$30 for a steak, but this one, even at $50, is well worth it in my opinion. Just wish I could enjoy it on a weekly basis ;-)

Before visiting City Hall, I had never experienced a Filet with the Bone in. Even my father who has 30+ years experience in the meat industry had never heard of such a thing. I assure you, if you think it's odd, get over it and sink your teeth into the most amazing piece of meat ever.

Another nice cherry on top is the fact the plate comes out at 1 million degrees. While it's a small struggle to not burn the sides of your hands after a few cocktails, it keeps every bite of your meal HOT until the very last bite. A most excellent touch in my opinion.

While I've ranted and raved about the food, the scene at the bar certainly never sucks. You'll see anything and everything in there. From the guy playing the same Elton John tunes on the piano, to the rowdy group of ladies out for their bachelorette party, to the group of golfers who came over from the Phoenician fired up and ready to rack up a $1000 tab, to the young ladies working the older guys for drinks. It's like a 2-4-1 deal with great food and entertainment ;-) and definitely a must stop the next time you have a craving for the BEST STEAK you've ever had.

Seriously, I want to break into their office and steal an invoice from their meat supplier. They're either getting it from some top secret meat farm, or they're injecting it with crack. I just can't get enough.
I stayed here on business for two nights, I give it one star for the front desk sfaff', as they were friendly and efficent, the other star is for the free breakfast which had a very good selection and was also very tasty.

On the other hand, the housekeeping staff was horrible. It was obvious that the elevator and hallway floors were not vaccumed. But the worst was that right next to the head of the bed and in plain site were two dirty Q-Tips, they were there when I checked in and I thought that they would catch them the next time they cleaned ( I sure as hell was not going to touch them!) but they were still there when I checked out....ugh....pretty nasty.
I like coming into this store.  It's clean and always has great selection and deals.  However, me and a friend of mine went late one night to shop and I ended up finding great deals.  So I spent about $50 that night.  I walked out and my friend asked what did I get.  Well I didn't have everything in the bags so I went back inside to get it from the cashier.  The first cashier or maybe she was a manager saw me and I told her I just walked out and noticed that I was missing items.  She basically accused me of not telling the truth, gave me a dirty look like I was a thief and really didn't want help.  So I made my way back to the cashier who also denied that she had the bag and again accused me of lying since I walked out.  I think they felt I would make a scene which I would've because I was telling the truth and plus they were going to be closing within 15 minutes and there was a line!  THEN giggling the cashier, she pulls the bag from the bottom shelf by her...she totally knew that she had it and she herself was lying. I have a feeling this isn't the first time they've tried this with people. So watch your bags!   And I've worked in retail, really lame employees and actions that night.
Only 2 tap beers! Pricey beer/drinks. 1/4 Wedge salad for $9.95!  

Great view.  Mediocre service.  This place is really missing out on an opportunity to maximize revenue from their amazing patio/location/view.
Fast and friendly service. If you just want a coffee with no frills, this is the place for you.Nothing particularly outstanding about this location. If you like atmosphere, an eclectic and diverse vibe with more colorful people to people watch, Lux is more for you. The patrons here are about as drab,generic and uninteresting as the decor and about as vanilla as the lattés. 3 stars solely for the baristas.
Wow, I wasn't sure what to think after reading the reviews for this place-it seems like you either love it or hate it.....and I think I am stuck in the middle. 

We went here for the other night and there was a wait on a Tuesday night which completely threw me off. Maybe some people on Yelp were wrong and the food is just that good that people will wait awhile? Well, possibly but turns out 2/3 of their dining room was being renovated so they were just seating people in the one that didn't need to have any work done on it. Usually this wouldn't bother me but I had a flight to catch so I wanted the process to be a little quicker. 

Once seated we were greeted and got our fresh chips with four different kinds of salsa and sauces. If you're a free chip hound like me, be prepared to pay for a second or third basket since they charge $2.95 after the first one. One was definitely enough to split between two people. Everything on their menu looked appetizing and I ended up going with the flautas since I didn't want to be that girl on the plane carrying on leftover Mexican food. They were fresh and brought out with a heaping service of refried beans, cheese and rice. I love their presentation of the food-it's laid out on a school lunch like tray and rolled out to you on a random little cart (kind of like a bussers.....hopefully they dont use this for both). There were a lot of bigger groups there, including a birthday party next to us in which one of the kids came up to our table, said "Muuuuuurdeeeer" then walked away. Can I get a wtf? 

By the time the sopapillas came out, I could only stomach a bite or two but it was delish!
delicious! def got the sandwich Adam on Man vs Food got! i think it's called Del Reys! it was sooooooooo good and the sandwich was huge, the price was great! however, there was a long wait, so I'd say be patient for their services!!
Camelback is a great hike... close to everything, yet while you're hiking... you forget that you are in the middle of the city. Until, you get to the summit... and you look out over the sprawl that is phoenix and surrounding suburbs. People are really surprised at how beautiful the scenery is... since it's in the middle of the urban sprawl.

I recommend this hike to anyone who is in phoenix... long or short term... But WARNING to all bermuda shorts wearing hawaiian shirts having tourists... you can't just come from the mid-west hot dog eating contest circuit and expect to climb to the top of this thing.

See you on the mountain :o)
If you have to eat in a pinch go for it...nothing special but I would eat there again if in need for fuel.

But not even close to some taco's from Mexico or So-Cal :) Nom nom nom nom
I went here this morning as part of my Coffee Tour de Phoenix!! (ftw). I went with the BF even though we were just next to this place last night (lots of driving this weekend). We got there around 10 and the place was busy, but we didn't have to wait long to order. The girl behind the counter was friendly and the clientele was kind of hippy dippy and 'trendy' but that's ok, that's what I kind of expect from a good coffee place. I ordered my usual, a latte, and the BF followed suit. We also shared a slice of pecan apple bread or something to that effect. The barista making the coffee was not so friendly, he kind of looked angry that people were at the shop (I can't really blame him, but still.... if you work in customer service you have to put on the show.... at least feign happiness a little). However, the coffee was good and he made a nice design in the top. The pastry was alright, but not the best I've ever had. I don't know where they get it from, but it was not particularly moist. It definitely was not bad though and we did eat it, so I'm just being nit picky. Overall the place was good, not the best coffee I have ever had, but definitely good for Phoenix. I would come back here if I were in the neighborhood.
Delicious food, comfy atmosphere and great service - Caffe Boa is pretty much perfect.  We've been meeting friends, going to wine dinners and hosting events at the original Caffe Boa in Ahwatukee for more than a decade.  It's by far one of my favorite local restaurants and a frequent Friday night stop. The casual but elegent euro-style bistro is comfortable, with a spacious dining room, a fun bar area and an outdoor patio complete with a fountain and twinkle lights. 

Well known for their professional and attentive service, our favorite servers are Chad, Jorge and Miguel.  Owner Scott Rennard quietly directs the staff, keeping things flowing - but even with a packed house he finds time to mingle with the diners.  

Bartender Jorge shakes a mean martini and keeps the bar lively and fun.  The wine list is serious, current and well-priced. They even have some AZ wines on board. The bar offers1/2 priced happy hour appetizers and always has a friendly clientele - the perfect stop after a long day at work.  On Friday nights, we like to have a drink at the bar and then grab a table on the patio for a romantic dinner by the fountain, listening to live music, drinking wine and relaxing with a 3- or 4-course meal.  

The chef-inspired menu is mostly Italian with splashes of mediterranean and flashes of the southwest. Chefs Jaime and Martin proudly serve only the freshest, seasonal, local produce, grass fed beef, fresh fish and made-to-order pastas. We love the homemade aioli and crusty french bread; Roma or Sonoma salad (tender figs, bufalo moz and crisp apples in the Sonoma); creamy shrimp bisque; Agnolotti Boa (mushroom stuffed ravioli), seared diver scallops with linguine; Voodoo Penne; grass-fed beef tenderloin and mashed potatoes; seared sea bass or fresh halibut - get it with jalepeno sauce if they have it; and an absolute MUST is the Boa Buttercake.  I guarantee you won't find a better dessert anywhere.  It's insanely good.  

If you haven't tried Caffe Boa in Ahwatukee, you should.  Tell them Val and Todd sent you.  You won't be disappointed!
Hidden next to a dance studio, this is an absolutely adorable gem of a place.  The food is a both sweet and spicy.  The cornbread casserole is something that I dream about.  Portions are big and the service is always friendly.  I almost don't want to share how much I love this place :)  The drinks are strong without being too boozy.  Have never had a bad meal here.
I always have fun at Blue Martini and meet tons of people to chat with and the service in general is great, too.  The bartenders are very nice and attentive and I've never had to wait long for a drink.  Even though it can get crowded, I've yet to wait in a line for the bathroom, either.  Speaking of which...

I really wish they'd do away with the concept of bathroom attendants.  I think I'm old enough to know how to wash and dry my own hands.  Also, I don't carry cash so it's awkward feeling like a cheapskate when you're anything but and you can't tip the lady.  This was so aptly pointed out by a snotty, awkwardly tall, raven haired patron powdering her nose in front of the mirror.  If I didn't know any better I would have mistaken her for someone who'd just had a sex change or a corpse that had just been reanimated because she had the waxiest face ever.

After apologizing to the attendant for not being able to tip, the wax faced tranny rolled her eyes and said, "What?  You don't have any AMERICAN DOLLARS?" I felt she was implying I was an illegal since I am of mixed heritage and am often mistaken for a variety of races.  I'm not sure why white people feel they have to go there.  Isn't being white enough?

Not that it was any of her business, but I explained that I don't carry cash.  I also admonished her for rolling her eyes (I was too buzzed to dish out a proper tongue lashing) but she was too busy staring at herself in the mirror to care.  

"This is Scottsdale, honey," she shot back, still powdering her face. 

No, this is PHOENIX, Einstein.  Blue Martini is in Phoenix, not Scottsdale.  And not everyone carries cash to pay by the hour, you freakin' snotty ho.  But it's one of those things you don't think to say until AFTER the fact.

Another typical brainless and uneducated Scottsdale fem bot who is obviously geographically challenged.  Hopefully, she'll succumb to makeup poisoning and stay IN the grave.
Ok, im not getting the great reviews on this place. I FINALLY made it Lamar's before they closed for the day and tried a couple donuts. I have a few problems here. The big one, can we please list that "only the donuts with holes" are $5.49 for 6? Its a bit deceptive to just list the price of 6 and ring up the donuts and have them turn out to be well over $7. Makes me want to buy my donuts from someone else. 
   Second, these donuts are WAY over priced and they are average at best. The maple bar tastes like you are eating spoon fulls of sugar they are so sweet. And the rest of the donuts I tried were pretty stale. This will be the first and last time I will be going to Lamar's. Give me Krispy Kreme or anyone else for that matter. Thank god for Lamar's we dont have Spudnuts in the valley because they would be out of business.
Absolutely amazing! Pretty much take a guess and pray they are open.. Tried several different weekends and they were on siesta.

Worth the wait! The drive! Whatever sacrifice you need to make, do it.

To give you an idea of how much my honey and I love this place... I am 6 months prego with our first child, you would think he has pictures of me on his phone. Kid you not it is a picture of his burrito at Ritos!
Paradise bakery is good for soups n salad, most terminals are run down :(  lots of parking. Gates are kind of far apart. So so experience. Employees very friendly and helpful.
Yesterday I was on the hunt to find a restaurant in Phoenix that served lobster bisque.  Unfortunately, I never found it. 

What I did find was Firebirds.  The only thing I had yesterday was a fruit smoothie.  I was so bogged down with work that I missed lunch and by the time dinner rolled around I was famished.  All day I was craving lobster bisque, I went all over town looking for it.  My hunger got the best of me so I stopped in at Firebirds.  

I've never been but I saw the Shrimp and Strawberry Salad on the list, and I know I had to have that.  In obervation of Lent, I was not eating meat.  So this was the perfect choice.  I ate the bar and had a drink (my usual 3 Olive Cherry and Diet Coke), watch Apolo Ohno get DQed from the short track (that was BS call in my opinion), and I scarfed down my salad.  It was sooooo yummy and surprisingly very filling. 

I think the thing I like most about the restaurant was my meal.  The bartender was very nice.  I think her name was Callie.  She was attentive and quick to bring me my drink (definite plus).  I would like to try other meals.  My only minus is that I felt the prices were a little high for a chain restaurant should be.

All in all, I had a good experience and I'll be back for that salad. YUM!
My 13 month old LOVES his Gymbo class! This location not only offers interactive play specific to your child's age group but when you sign up, you can come as often as you like and even partake in the open gym time at no additional charge! Plus you get Gym-Bucks which can be used in Gymboree's retail stores just for being a member of Gymboree Play! You aren't set in stone to one specific class date/time which is great because toddlers can be so unpredictable! :) The class leaders are nice, friendly, and explain how each section of the lesson we are learning will help teach our babies a specific skill set. The other parents who attend the classes are friendly and attentive to their children which is great! Nothing worse than inattentive parents! The gym is spic and span and I am so glad that after 10 years since our last baby, we are still pop pop popping all the bubbles out here at Gymboree!
Conflicted on this review but I am going to stick to my guns.  I am a HUGE fan of Papago beers and love that they have 25-30 on top plus 7682763 beers (not actual number) in bottles that you can drink there or take home.  It is extremely loud inside which some nights can be tolerable but if you get a table of guys shouting at each other it can be distracting if you are looking to hang with friends.

My meh review comes from the food.   Their menu has a lot of variety and everyone loves pizza right?  I ordered the Pretzel which itself was amazing, just the right amount of chewy and fluffy.  The cheese sauce it came with did nothing for the dish.

I also ordered the California BLT salad and here is where more disappointment came in.  I ordered the  1/2 size which was a huge portion but it really did disappoint.  The avocado slices on the salad were not ripe and were rock hard.  The diced chicken was so bland and dry it tasted like it had been boiled.  The worst part was the bacon.  It was clearly the kind of pre-cooked, thin sliced bacon you can buy in the store.  The whole thing was pretty half assed with ingredients that aren't that difficult to make.

Over all I wanted to give 5 stars but the place gets 5 stars for beer, 3 for ambiance because of how loud it gets and a solid 1 on the food.  I know it is a brewery and I should expect much in regards to food but come on, it's not that hard.
I could not agree more with Alicia B's review. I went here with my husband Saturday night, it is in our nieghboorhood and we had heard decent things. We waited about 10 minutes for a table, not because it was full or busy. The hostess looked a right at us, no acknowledgement and then she went on to what must have been more important business. Finally, a passing waiter sat us. The service continued to be inattentive and slow. Our cocktails were tasty, I had a pomegranire margarita and my husband has something with a kooky name, I think it mentioned a Donkey. We had the Queso with crab which was pretty good, the crab could have been tastier and the whole thing needed some spice. The chips and salsa, OK. I had the carnitas, after recommendation by our waitress. Not bad, but certainly not good and not worth $17. My Husband has the seafood crepes, they were OK, but lacking flavor. The food was not bland, but flat, just meh. This place would be a 3 star, but for the price, it is coming down to a 2 star. 
The building and patio are really cool and set a good atmosphere, too bad the food and service don't follow suit. 

On a side note I did get to overhear a great conversation by two guys visiting from out of town, probably in thier mid to late 40s. I guess last time they came here the women were way hotter. This time there are hot women, but they are not as common. They seemed to like the place, one of them remarked the only thing better than his food was getting laid earlier that day.
Great authentic mexican food. Recommended to this place by a friend. Decent prices. Huge portions. My friend that lives in mexico swears by this place when he is in the US. I feel like that alone speaks for itself. Will update my review if it seems like quality takes a dive like in some restaurants I used to love.
Hands down one of the best tiramisu I have had. We met up with James he was at Cibo before now here super guy great service ask for him. We enjoyed our meal will return.
Co worker recommended me to try this place, so I forgot my lunch at home (oops!!) and came here during my lunch hour. Came in and the owner was at the front desk. Told me I can sit anywhere I wanted to! Place was very clean, in one room it was like a little sports bar! Had TVs and a bar. In the main room was more like a little dining room. Place is not that big, but still nice. Decorated with football memorabilia, especially from New Orleans. Had a sizable menu, I order the Ranger! It was a pulled pork sandwich w/coleslaw an a white or wheat bun. It also came with one side order! Sandwich was very good, I have never had creole BBQ! First time and I would have it again. People there were very nice, Now I am not a professional food taster! (but I play one at home!) And if you look at my pictures I have tried!! Everyone is going to have their own opinion, and you have to realize everyone has a different taste! I liked this place!
This place is awesome! They have just about everything and everyone imaginable in music...and if they don't, they can special-order it for you! This store is nice and everything is open and spread out with plenty of room to walk around and check out music, books, collectibles, and much more! The employees are  really friendly and easy to talk to. This is in a pretty good location as well and easy to gt in and out of, although the parking lot is a bit odd. 

Next time you're in search of music, I recommend you checking out Zia.
"Nobody leaves this place without singin' the Blues."  I felt nothing like Chris Parker when I set foot in Char's.  Let's just say I did not have the 'Babysitting Blues'.  The way pimped-out Doorman/Cashier was so friendly and shook Nico's hand as we entered.  

This. Place. Rocks.  
That is all I really need to say, but I will elaborate a bit.  I had read several Yelp reviews before going and was totally pumped.  I thought maybe I was setting myself up for disappointment believing all the great reviews.  Not a chance.  Char's was so amazing!  The band Soul Power rocked the house and we danced our butts off.  The crowd, staff, band...everyone... were clearly from all different walks of life/backgrounds and yet meshed and made the place even cooler. 

We took a breather on the covered patio which does NOT leak when raining as someone pondered in another review.  

This is my new favorite hot spot in Central Phoenix.  I could go on and on, but quit reading this review and just get to Char's!!
Love this place! From the neat building to the good food, and 1950s cocktails this place is a gem! Great place to go for a business dinner, date or a girls night. Gone on some nights when the Dj spins from above and have really enjoyed the ambience . My dinner there usually consists of the bar plate to start and a pizza and you can't go wrong with that. Plus do yourself a favor and order a cocktail. They always make an old fashion just right.
I've now eaten at Windsor twice. I love the building and I love what Upward Project is doing with the Central corridor uptown.  I love that they use fresh ingredients. I love their concepts and menu.
 
But the food is okay, not spectacular....it is just "good". What I think bothers me about their food is just a lack of flavor....I think they just need to kick it up a notch.

I've had the Kale Salad and the Mixed Grain Salad. Both are good. The fresh veggies they use are snappy and great. But I think the dressings are a bit bland - if they were just a bit more flavorful, I'd like them a lot more.

Today I had the Porkwich Sandwich - and with the ingredients, I thought it would be spectacular. But it was just good.  And I had the Kale salad, which was good...but again, could have been more flavorful...really just a bit more lemon juice or zest would have kicked it up a notch and made it great.  
 
I honestly think the Executive Chef needs to beef up the flavors (herbs, spices, etc.) & he'd have a fabulous menu.  For instance, on the Porkwich....it has pork and pork belly with a coleslaw & a sweet sauce on it. If the pork had been grilled with a nice flavorful rub, that would have given it just a bit more kick and flavor and it would have been incredible.
My husband would give My Big Fat Greek 0 stars, but I'm going to give it 2. We actually used to go to the location in Scottsdale, and we've also been to this location many times. We always enjoyed our meals there.


We didn't have it tonight, but I especially like the Bruschetta. It's a huge portion. I like the grilled foccacia and all that tops it, including tomatoes, basil, hummus and sweet balsamic reduction. It's served around a nice marinara sauce that is also topped with a bunch of junk. This is the highlight.

On this trip I got a large Greek Salad. I like the creamy type greek dressing.. it's atypical for Greek salad, but I'm into it. I also like the warm pita that surround the large bowl. I get a little side of jalepeno cilantro hummus and dip away. 

My husband got chicken and lamb souvlaki tonight. The wooden skewer broke into his lamb so he had to do surgery to remove it. The lamb had gristle, the chicken was under seasoned. The side vegetables were undercooked and cold, and the rice was tepid. 

When the manager came by asking how everything was, my husband gave him the FYI- and he was kind and ordered us a dessert. We declined. My husband was turned off by the chipped plate of his appetizer salad, a cricket crawling along the ground (in all fairness the door to the patio was open), and the light above our table flickering on and off. 

We had a savvy dining coupon for buy one entree get one free and our bill still came to $30. We had to order two drinks to get the coupon. My husband got a Sprite, and I asked for a hot decaf tea. They said they had chamomile, but then came back to tell me that they're out of all decaf teas, so I got an apple juice I didn't drink.

The $30 meal included:
Lamb and Chicken Souvlaki meal with side Greek Salad
Large Greek Salad with ramekin of hummus
Sprite
Apple Juice

We thought it was pricey for a buy one get one deal. The drinks were $3 a piece, so really we just got $3 off of my salad, because if it weren't for the coupon we wouldn't have ordered drinks.

Our waitress was very nice.

Edited: I had to drop it to one star. My husband had serious stomach issues the whole night.
very nice staff. great house salad I could like bathe in it's tasty dressing for my life. I don't actually like pizza, but this stuff was no joke .Delicious sauce, very cheesey ,excellent crust. I'll be back next time I'm in Arizona
Modern Steak is  one of the better offerings from Fox Restaurant Concepts with its high-design ambiance, solid cocktails, and great food. However, I would put it in the camp of a fine place if you someone drags you there, but there are far better steak/seafood houses for the money in the valley. 

If you're just looking to drop in, the large bar/cocktail lounge area offers plenty of comfortable seating. There are also table options both inside the restaurant as well as on the patio (although you just end up sitting next to the parking lot, which is a drawback of the location). The bartenders work as a team and the service was good.

Cocktails were very good. I had a dirty Hendricks gin martini which was solid and sampled an extremely refreshing "Perfect" pimm's cup. 

The oysters of the day were fresh and a good start. 

With me being from Rhode Island and a frequent attender of the Great Chowder Cook-Off, I was really interested in the "New England Style" lobster chowder. Unfortunately, whoever put this recipe together likely has never seen the east coast, let alone New England. New England Style usually involves heavy cream and often incorporates clam juice. Instead, what Modern is really serving is a corn chowder with lobster chunks. Very much a complete fail.  

I would suggest making better use of the flavor of the lobster and serving a bisque instead of this abomination.    

For sides, I had the mac and cheese, which was decent and the baked potato "bar". The "bar" is all of the stuff that usually goes in to a stuffed potato, you just get to put it together yourself. It's more cute then anything. 

As for the meat, I am still at a loss as to why the 10oz Creekstone natural filet costs less then the 8oz Midwest prime-beef. (Our sever said they taste the same and it's more a lifestyle thing. Brilliant.)

The 20oz bone-in rib eye was decent, but they might as well have pulled the bone out because there was a significant lack of flavor. The meat is quality, don't get me wrong, but you can wonder less than a block away to City Hall and get a way better tasting cut. 

All in all, Modern Steak has the potential to be a much more satisfying dining experience. However, the lack of flavor in the meat and the complete botch-up they call New England Style chowder will make me look elsewhere next time I'm looking for a steak/seafood house.
Really nice set up. Great coffee, great service, understated and interesting layout. Almost a conservative industrial interior decoration with artistic and contemporary sensibilities. Interesting choice of art displays that reflect the feeling of the overall scene. All the staff I have encountered are very friendly with genuine personalities. I look forward to making at least one trip back before my conference ends, and will surely be back again next time I am in Phoenix.
Amazing sushi.. Great price. Decent casual atmosphere.. Love the Mississippi roll!! Gratuity tip is automatically added in your bill
Probably not the prettiest shop, but super friendly... they get to know you by name just after a few times. If your nail breaks or a issue they will fix for free with no arguing. The only negative thing I can say, I am not a huge fan of two of the ladies nail art or how they do a pedi. I just stay clear of them. I love Julie and Jillian.
I came in here on a Sunday with a friend.  We hadn't seen each other in months so we were in no hurry.  Which is good because the nice waiter was super busy.  When things did slow down later he joked to us that just as soon as he sent an employee home early because it was slow, everyone and they mama came in for tacos.

I got a fish taco and a veggie taco.  My friend got 2 fish tacos.  The piece of fish I got was significantly smaller than the pieces she got, not sure what's up there.  Food was good, price was right also.  I think the whole bill (each of us got 2 tacos, 1 beer and 1 tea) was around 20 bucks, no complaints.  I liked the style and vibe in the shop. Great salsa bar too.

Lots of yelpers mentioned the cramped style and slow service.  I unfortunately have to agree, but as I said we didn't mind the wait cuz we were chatting.  I would not recommend this spot for big groups or people on lunch breaks, otherwise-enjoy!
I got a combo plate, and I thought the food was fresh, flavorful, and fulfilling. :)  I mean, I definitely thought some meats were better than others, but it's a personal preference.  The chicken was juicy and well-cooked.  I don't think this place deserves those bad reviews, but check it out for yourself!
They Wouldn't Rent me a Maybach for Twenty five bucks a day....In a Mini Mobile Behind the Phoenix Motor Company.  They will pick you up if you're pretty close.

 -
 -

It doesn't take carpeted walls, tile floors, and giant back-lit signs to make us happy.  Maybe the padded walls.  For auto rentals, it's as good as it gets for Sweet D and me.  This where we rent 80% of the time.  

I had no problem picking up my rental at 7:30 A.M. April 12, 2011 and returning it a week later, 7:30 A.M.  They're close to home, easy to use, have excellent  service given the staffing, and always provide a vehicle appropriate to our needs.  I had a choice between a Corolla and a Jetta.  Jetta yes.  Worth every minute of driving.  Yes they had a pre-charge on my credit card, yes they applied it when I returned and yes, I already paid it.
16 taps with about 4 locals (Four Peaks, Papago, Santan). 45 bottles and 18 cans of mostly good to great craft brews. Bartender/beer captain knows his beer and actively manages beer selection.

Happy hour features The Standard Dog and a draft for $7 as well as $4 for any draft beer and a $6 CB&CB Burger (reg $10).  Good deal and tasty food.

Tables feature condiment packs of Sriacha, Wasabi Horseradish, Ketchapeno, Kerchipotle, A-1, Tabasco, and Cholula! Wow! 

Nice patio area. 

Only complaint is the 4 32" TVs above the bar have a glossy screen and face windows so there is a glare from the TVs that makes them almost unwatchable.
Drink the blood orange martini.
Scratch just started dinner service this month, so I think they don't have totally nailed it yet, but I'm going to give them time to work out kinks. I hope they make the patio larger and enclose it, and maybe add some music. The beer list is needing some desperate attention (stella or mich ultra???), the house red was just fine. The coq au vin was terrific and the chicken Normandy was even better. Amazing mashed potatoes and pureed carrots. Portions aren't huge, but that's why the French are skinny and we Americans tend to get chubby.  You should give this place a try!
This Pei Wei is a mixed bag.  Really nice looking place - especially for a fast food restaurant.  Diverse menu, but surprisingly not very healthy being heavy on the fried and light on the veggies.  Prices not bad, especially in NoSco.  Servers are treated like idiots.  My girl had to stand around for 5 minutes doing nothing while she waited for the one person they entrusted with The Card That Can Issue Refunds to give me my refund when the girl with The Card overcharged me - needless to say, I was standing around, too.  Lots of food on the plate so I definitely left full.  A-OK
Brisket and pulled pork very good, fries also. Nice dog friendly patio. Would go back for sure
Just went here for the first time today. Saw Allison who was awesome. She was very quick and efficient and it was pretty painless. Urban wax was super clean and I will definitely come back.
god I miss, the brady bunch
carol, mike, more than a hunch
greg and marcia, peter too
jan & bobby, blonde cindy loo 
alice the maid, and her beau
sam, the butcher, who could throw
down meat puns, like no other
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KqzSDKB9PpU
and phoenix, now, we have another
sam the butcher,  sam the fox
another concept, out he trots
lays it on us, we line up
but someone, somehow, must stand up
and call a frikin' spade a spade
and sam, AB, don't make the grade 
sure you arrogantly built
a fancy joint where others wilt
one by one, downtown, it's true
but sam, you've got the oysters to
spend your money, build a place
anchoring the cityscape
just wish you would have spent more dough
or time on training, sam should know
what makes or breaks is often staff
so here's my little sad staff rap....

here you go AB, a D
for service, sam, debauchery
bungled, butchered, blatant, bad
across the board, so sorry, sad
for downtowners, I had hope
for the butcher, but buddies, nope
bartender, couldn't catch a clue
when asked what apps, she just shrugged, boo
and the hostess, to you both
kids cute don't cut it, nope, you're dopes
seated, sat, a good fifteen
minutes passed, in between
the time someone offered a "hi"
as we watched servers,  saunter by
finally asked, have you been helped?
'twas then I knew, their stars on yelp
would suffer, people, sure enough
our waiter came, bit rough, he muffed
every point of service, frown
but arrogant, has gained renown
downtown, the butcher, bro's, was packed
fox concepts...well, imagine that
can do no wrong, lemmings line up
the 6 0 2, can't get enough
of the concept, factory
the waiter brings check back to me
do you have coffee...or dessert???
oh sure, black jeans and pressed white shirt
server said,  what would you like
for us, it was that kind of night
so AB, low marks from me
for service....  your culinary
offerings, all seemed fine
mussels, skirt steak, the rib eye
all passed muster, each checked out
watched the cooks, moving about
exposed kitchen's, pretty cool
but sam you broke the golden rule
service, silly, more than not
is the thing your place has got
to have, without,  say no
see for yourself, bet when you go
you'll wish the butcher had more flounce
pound for pound, ounce for ounce
no matter how you slice it, dudes
chop it, carve it,  multitudes
The AB is just OK
but far from a USD...A.
What a fun idea! We loved seeing all the different styles of cupcakes and loved tasting them even more. A nice variety of bakeries, restaurants and farmer's market pastry chefs.

The Valley Ho is a really cool hotel - we didn't stay but I hope to soon. The volunteers for the Cupcake Love-In were amazing. Even now that the sugar high has passed, I really enjoyed the afternoon & feel even better that all the proceeds go to two local charities.

Can't wait for the 2nd Annual!
For $60.00 I could have feed five people at the Golden Coral & would have gotten better steaks. 
The waitress laughed at me when I used my cell phone to illuminate the plates. Seeing as the lighting was too dim to even see the plate. My date's steak has so much fat he had to re-carve the darn thing with each and every bite. He left more than half on the plate. The steak I ordered was old, not aged. I had sat in the cooler far too long. The edges were cooked well but the inside of the meat was gritty and worse than burnt meat. The tomato garnish was so bitter and sour it turned my stomach.
The iced tea was weak. The potatoes were edible compared to the steaks.
The music was good.
If you like the Merc bar in Biltmore area you will like this place. The two are similar . Very sexy dark atmosphere at this lounge, well dressed professional crowd, not to big of place, brick wall interior, leather couches, a secret Scooby Doo bookcase VIP room and great music mixes the night I went.
Yum yum!!!  That is the only way I can describe coming to this place.  My girlfriend and I have always enjoyed coming here, not only for the greatest flavors (red velvet is awesome!!!) but for their world class service as well.  We came here the other night and the machine happened to be out of my favorite flavor.  The associate let me know it would be about 5 minutes.  Of course, I could not wait, so I took this opportunity to try some new flavors instead.  After we sat down to begin eating our yummy desserts, she cam over with a small bowl of my favorite flavor told us both to enjoy it!!!  It's the little things that will always get you coming back to place forever. :)
Very lovely facility with an incredible staff that was so warm and kind and accommodating. The pedicure was incredible (best I've ever had) and the facial I got was great, not to mention the prices were very reasonable. I had such a positive experience and would suggest this place to anyone, I was only passing through on vacation but I wish I had a place like this where I live.
HORRIBLE! I placed an order online last night, it said it would arrive at 1:25. I called them at 1:40 and they said it was on its way. I called again at 2:15 and they hung up on me, then stopped answering my calls entirely. When I called from a different number, the man who answered the phone sounded drunk and could not give me any definite answer about the status of my order, after wasting my time he said he couldn't find the order and then hung up on me. After calling AGAIN at 2:40 they said that the order has JUST printed. I asked if they would comp it for me and they said no but said they could give me some free food, so I asked for a free pizza. When the order finally arrived over 2 hours after I ordered it the driver didn't even ask for a signature, and I got no receipt. The "free pizza" was 3 nasty slices they just threw into a box. I was so unsatisfied, I would have cancelled my order from the beginning but since I placed it online it had already ran my card and they refused remove the charge. I will NEVER give this place my business again! I understand deliveries take longer but the amount of time I had to wait was insane, especially since they could not clarify the problem. DO NOT ORDER FROM HERE THEY SUCK!
Live close, so this is a nice happy hour spot.  Service is always great.  Food is hit or miss.  Once, I could not finish my dish as it was too salty.
Hoping the food gets more consistent.
I do like other med places around the valley a lot more, but I don't have anything to complain about here (well technically I do...)   My Sis and I stopped in for take out the other night.  I ordered the chicken schawarma and asked to have soup and salad, because I did not want rice or fries (I wanted the rice, but was avoiding more grains in the day) They accommodated me, so I appreciated that a lot.  I also ordered the cobra juice (carrot, beet, apple, carrot, radish) and it was amazing. I could hear the juicer in the back fresh prepping and the juice tasted like everything was very very fresh.  My Sis ordered a gyro meal and hummus.  When we got home, we saw the did not give me the soup or the taziki asked for, so we had to go back, but they were apologetic and that is all I care about really.  Finally I got to eat, I was happy about the very fresh veggies in the salad.  My complaint would be that there was very little flavor in any of the food.  The chicken was bland, the garlic sauce helped and taziki for the salad, because there was no salad dressing.  I tasted my Sister's gyro and it was very good, the hummus was good, again not the best, but good.  Overall, the amazing juice, fresh veggies and yummy taziki helped me enjoy the meal, so I was happy to have an ok and very healthy dinner.
Cutie! Great owner, great owner's daughter, great owner's dog, great vibe! I am still new here so in my "hey let's turn down this block" exploring I happened to see the sign from the street, recalled reading good things about it on yelp, and just had to stop in. 

I have been on a mission to discover the right little local something to send back to a friend in NYC. I found the perfect little sea blue recycled glass ring! Chatted for a long while with Jinia, one of the owners, had some great laughs, enjoyed all the cute local artist-made accessories, was inspired to get my craft back on, and really could've hung out allllll day. 

It's really a cute shop to stop into for that perfect gift. And I love how Jinia promoted the other businesses in the plaza---two of which I visited, spent money in, and happily shared how I heard about them.
LAURA WAS INCREDIBLE! Service was excellent. The burger was a huge surprise as it was one of the best burgers I've ever had. Definitely going to be a regular meal for me from now on. Arguably the best breakfast spot in Ahwatukee!
Have been to Pita Jungle twice before. Feel the wait staff do a good job. Always friendly and good service. Best hummus in town. For s dollar more get the bigger plate of hummus but ask for extra pitas (39 cents each) and some extra cucumbers and tomatoes (99 cents). Not a fancy place but certainly someplace you want to try out.
I didn't really get a chance to try out much here.  I walked in during the evening hoping to grab a sandwich and apparently they don't serve sandwiches after 5pm...which I think is strange.
Well, I had a cucumber, avocado salad with tomatoes, calamata olives, and feta cheese with a light lemon dressing.  It was SUPER TASTY!
Hope to try more next time I visit AZ
Greasewood Flat is Americana, cowboys, and peacefullness. Greasewood makes you think that this is what Arizona was meant to be... not pavement and Scottsdale. The burgers are juicy, but it's really the band, the firepits and the people that make this a true Arizona icon. I took my parents here while they were in town from Washington and it was BY FAR the highlight of their trip. 

I am just bummed that I am moving in two months and I just NOW discovered it.
We were charged 50 cents each for a single small cup of ranch and ketchup to go with our wings and fries. My partner was also charged 50 cents extra for his BBQ burger when he requested his sauce on the side. Burgers were ok if a little bland but patties were not evenly cooked.
I have heard exciting and molto delicioso things DeFalco's. See, ever since I took a trip to Tuscany a few years ago, I am always faced with yearning for the freshest prosciutto, the perfect cheese and bread, and a wine to wash down the salty, meaty goodness with. E ecco!

 I ambled in and was awash in Italian grocery goodness. The giant gallon-sized cans of Extra Virgin Olive Oil with the Italia stamp on it made me long for the olive gardens of yesteryear, the truffled gelato in the freezer was whispering sweet nothings to me... I had to hold myself back fiercely to not grab a basket and start purchasing everything. 

I stood in line patiently-- it was mid-afternoon on a Saturday and there was quite a bit of traffic. While I waited, I stared in the refrigerated glass counter at the stuffed mozzarella balls, the various Italian salads and fresh-cut meats. I moved closer and laid my eyes on the menu. There she was: "Il Purista," the greatest-sounding sandwich ever: Prosciutto, Fresh Mozzarella, Fresh Basil, Tomato, Roasted Peppers, Extra Virgin Olive Oil, & Balsamic Vinegar. Che fortunato! I ordered it from the surly Italian guy behind the counter. The sandwich was the perfect combination of flavors, but what was most impressive was the pile of prosciutto on it. I could not believe the quantity, quality and savory goodness. My mouth waters just thinking about it.

However, due to the fact that I had to wander around their close quarters for about a half an hour before I got my food, I think I will call ahead next time. They do have a sign that warns you about their process taking longer than usual, so I consider myself warned and cannot wait to sink my teeth into their food again soon!
Dear Other Trendy Burger Place in Phoenix on the Street Named After an Animal with Hump(s):

I regretfully inform you that I have found my new favorite burger in Phoenix: the Fez Burger is as deluxe a burger as I have ever encountered during my 25 years.

I also regret to inform you that my new favorite burger comes with a delicious buy-one-get-one-free margarita during happy hour; not to mention that I can take the Light Rail to said location and avoid a DUI for a burgergasm.

Regrets,

AJL
I think I'm in love. This place has got it all - can I just live here please?

My experience at The Parlor was amazing from start to finish. The complimentary valet parking? Why, yes, thank you! The amazingly scented herb garden in the front walkway? How charming! The earthy and modern ambience indoors and out? I absolutely adore. The short 15 minute wait despite the 7 o'clock hour on a Friday evening? Awesome! The amazing menu choices? Yes please!

My husband and I tried the eggplant bruschetta for our appetizer and really enjoyed it...which says a lot since the hubs doesn't even like eggplant. Our server sold us on the pork belly special and we were glad she did. I don't think I've ever had a pork dish that I enjoyed more. Then our pizza with goat cheese, pesto sauce and sausage arrived and our happy level went through the roof. Service was super pleasant and efficient. I cannot wait to come back and work my way through the menu.

This place has exceptional food and a chill atmosphere that makes you just want to hang out all night. I love the barber shop chairs and the salon sinks in the bathroom. Can it get any cooler?
It was a cold, rainy day. My former roomie and I entered TB's store. Now stop right here! I do not shop at TBs. I'm trying to get to the restaurant. The store? Pahhhleeeze....it looks like the changing room for a bunch of Magnum P.I.'s extras. When I see, the older, white, Scottsdale men, wearing these hideous shirts, tucked into their pleated khaki shorts and their tassled loafers, I seriously want cover them in burlap and throw them into a van. That said, I had a delicious sea bass preceded by perfect crab cakes. We downed a bottle of Pinot Noir and waited for the storm to pass. And waited. And waited. The dining room has windows on three sides and we felt as though we were witnessing a true Bahaman hurricane. ALthough service was great and the food was good, all in all, too overpriced for what you got. But the next time it monsoons, I'm gonna rally up the gang and head to TB's for some mai tais and to make fun of the Tom Selleck wanna be's!
I FUCKING LOVE PIZZA! The end.

I try things over and over, sometimes when they suck too. Same is the case here. I keep trying this pizza and eveytime I just don't like it. I don't know what it is. 

Sauce = Bland

Crust = Bland and did not pass the NY fold test, full on Tip Drip!!

Truly they're better places than this in AZ. I don't want to mention them in this article but 3 or 4 come to mind. 

 P.S. This time when I tried the pizza I was swimming laps outside.....in the heat..... That makes me soooo hungry. Our friends ordered it and thats why I had it again. As hungry as I was I still no likey!!!
Soooo yummy!! And Carlos is a treat! We had the enchiladas, empanadas and chipotle soup--all delicious! We can't wait to go back or order for a party!
They got what I need and it costs a lot less than that old racist southern gnetleman's secret sauce recipe that's probably full of sawdust anyways.

Although, this is the most ghetto Church's Chicken in town.
My sister and I have been here a number of times and the food has always been fabulous and the staff very nice and engaging. I have also been here with my coworkers for our lunch hour and have never been disappointed. They must dip their fries in liquid awesome because they are freakin sweet!
This is simply the greatest micro brew beer and food you will find in Phoenix.  Period.
Borders Bookstore - Eight reasons why you are better than Barnes and Noble: 

1. You have a free rewards program (unlike BnN where one pays $25 a year to reap rewards.) 

2. You email me 30 and 40% off coupons every week (just a sweet perk from the FREE reward program.) 

3. You carry Seattle's Best in your cafe (and don't sell out to capitalist pigs like Starbucks.) 

4. You have TONS of buy 1 get 1 free coupons at the register (for a 16 or 20 oz. cup of Seattle's Best coffee.) 

5. You have the best bargain bin around (I walked out of there with $40 worth in books for only $18. And they are actually interesting!!) 

6. You have a superb and interesting stationary section (where else can you find pirate erasers for $3 and sealing wax?) 

7. Your foreign film section is GOOD! (They stock modern films from other countries at a decent price.) 

8. If you don't have something I can order it without additional charge (and it comes in promptly!)
I literally JUST finished eating my food... and I felt compelled to write my review immediately.  Tonight I was very unsure as to what I wanted.  Coming from Las Vegas, and not knowing the area well, I drove to a nearby center and looked at my options.  I needed fast, fresh, and delicious!

I picked Fired Pie!  The menu was posted on the window and the doors were open and inviting.  The staff looked friendly from the doorway, as I plunged down the walkway to the counter.  Now... this is like Subway, but is SO SO SO much better.  And of course, its pizza and salads (not subs).  But the idea is great!  It is an "invent your own" or a "choose one of ours" style place - where the options and combos are endless for your pizza or salad choice.

I chose to create my own pizza.  11 inches of flat crust, regular pizza sauce, and meat meat meat.  Cuz really.. who doesn't love meat?  I had sausage, bacon, pepperoni... and Canadian bacon (since I AM CANADIAN), which really is "ham" to all you American folk!  Either way, this piled high atop my mozza and parm cheeses.  I then added fresh tomato slices, spinach, mushrooms, red onion... and called it quits at that.  It was placed for a few minutes in the big brick oven flaming in front of me, and cooked to absolute perfection!

My mouth is craving another piece just writing this...

I also got a southwest salad - which is lettuce, peppers, olives, jalapenos, tortilla chips, and more - plus I added fresh tomatoes, onion, and got the dressing on the side.  It has a chipotle ranch dressing - and OH MY WORD it is delicious.  

All in all, I was not disappointed leaving there for under 20 bucks for two large meals, AND I have some to spare... for both of us to eat another time.  For $7.75 each - this felt like an absolute bargain. 

The staff was friendly, there was tonnes of indoor and outdoor seating, and it was clean!  In addition, when the food was done, I was asked if it was as I wanted it.  

My ONLY gripe is WHY THE HELL IS THIS NOT IN VEGAS?

My God... I would definitely be fatter if that was the case...

I WILL go back next time I am in town... hopefully soon!!  Or... someone can get smart and try their luck in Sin-City :)
i tried the philly original and it was just okay.  all i tasted was salt.  i ordered fries too and those were covered in salt too.

in my opinion it seemed pricey for the quality of food.

the service seemed good and exciting.
We had seat outside enjoying the perfect weather.  I thought it was very unusual for a brewery to be so quiet on a Saturday night.  However across at Hooters, it was loud and full with action.   They were watching the UFC fight.  It must be an exciting fight.  How do you compete with UFC and Hooters?  I have been to this location a few times.  They must have changed their menu and increased their prices.  It's been awhile... I had the garlic fries, not bad, but still like Six Flags Magic Mountain's better.  My friends had ordered the cobb salad and spinach salad.  They were generously portioned.   If it wasn't that I just attended an Oktoberfest event, I would have ordered from their Oktoberfest menu.  Actually, the items on the Oktoberfest menu sounded delicious.
Now that I've had breakfast, lunch and dinner here I feel qualified to comment. I'm giving them a firm 3.5 stars.

I was really wowed by breakfast (working breakfast - always fun anyway). They make these amazing breakfast potatoes that, well ... Jim W and Abby W would have gone nuts over.

Then came dinner with fellow Yelpers Marian and Kevin H. It was a really enjoyable dinner. Jim W and I split a burger and a chicken pizza. The company was terrific and the only dark spot on the evening was when the woman at the counter informed me that they don't make grilled onions for their burgers. I was really surprised by a place of this quality not offering cooked onions as a burger option.

Last came my lunch meeting and the reason I've downgraded Liberty Market half a star. I was debating between the chicken sandwich and egg salad when I happened to notice that they offered caramelized onions on one of the sandwiches. Suddenly the burger appeared to be a viable option. Here's how that went:

me: "I'd like the tower burger - medium - with cheddar, bacon and caramelized onions."

her: "We don't have caramelized onions."

me: "They're on the menu for the rancher."

her: "That's at another counter."

me: "I beg your pardon?"

her: "That's at a different counter." (this time with a bit of attitude)

3rd employee at bar: (under her breath) "We can do that."

her: (after glare at 3rd employee) "They'll be cold. They're for a cold sandwich."

3rd employee at bar: (slightly louder this time) "We can heat them up."

When the burger arrived there were no onions to be seen. 3rd employee happened to be the one who brought the food and when I pointed that out to her the irritation was apparent. She looked at me, as sincerely as she could, and told me that she would have them heated and out to me as soon as possible.

Now, I have to say that the tower burger is absolutely fantastic with caramelized onions and they should ALWAYS offer it that way. Once I had my burger the way I wanted it I really enjoyed the meal. But, seriously, it's at another counter?! I can't imagine anyone refusing to walk ten feet to make a customer happy. Hopefully, they've gotten over that.
I should of know but its never going to change. Casinos will always be filled with smokers. But this casinos takes the cake. I mean it hits you hard as soon as you walk in!!! At least in Vegas they have fresh oxygen pumping into the floor. Here you cant even breathe. The hotel in the other hand is awesome! Super clean, friendly staff, nice pool, and good rooms.
The locals of the area took us here to The Mission, right in the cute downtown area of Scottsdale. It's very trendy Mexican food - lights are dim, music is playing loudly, and everyone is super dressed up and ready to have a good time. We ordered
- Pork Belly: decent. The coolest thing about this dish though, is the fact that the tortilla was served on this giant brick of clear salt - super cool.
- Salsa: SPICY and tasty
- Guacamole: THE BEST GUAC I HAVE EVER HAD! It was made right next to the table after you order it. It has pumpkin seeds, and I don't know what kind of crack, but i could not stop eating it.

And for entree, I had
- Hangar Steak with house margarita, which were just okay. Apparently the steak taco is supposed to be very good, maybe i should have ordered that instead.

This place is seriously super trendy filled with dressed up people. Nice for a great evening out.
Just what Phoenix needs, another Chinese buffet..

Actually it's a pretty good establishment.  Went there on a weeknight for dinner with my partner.  The prices are cheaper than most buffets but the restaurant itself and food is better than most.  The selection is what you will find in most buffets but they also have steak, sushi and Mongolian grill.  The only complaint we had is that the food wasn't warm enough.

Wait staff/bussers were pretty diligent.  This location just opened recently so it is always busy so be prepared to wait for a seat.  I am not a big fan of Chinese buffets but I will definitely eat there again.
My favorite restaurant for Vietnamese cuisine. The quang nam noodle soup is amazing! The staff is very friendly and will explain the dishes to any novices (like me).  Prompt service during lunch hours and the restaurant is very clean.  I always stop by when I'm on that side of town.
No complaints.. Big portions for what you pay. My turkey sandwich was delicious, and the coffee mugs are huge! Our server was on point as well.
We tried calling to make reservations this past Saturday, there were no greetings and the mailbox was full. So we got in the car and drove down there to find the place was all locked up at 6:00 PM. Didn't see any notices posted. 
We were saddened.
I am not a Chinese expert by any means but I thought this was a really good lunch spot. Sketchy looking for sure, but fast, friendly service and the food was really good. I had the moo goo gai pan lunch special. All the veggies were really fresh. Chicken, of course, looked questionable but I've never had Chinese food with "good" chicken. Fried rice was good although no eggs or veggies in it. Egg drop soup very salty but good and the egg roll was crispy. All for $6. I'll definitely be back.
I stopped by "Big City Burrito" as I was walking to Wendy's to get a chocolate frosty and a Double Stack. I was only going to check out the menu to see if there was something that I may want to try on a future trip. It smelled so good in the restaurant that I decided to skip Wendy's and get something at BCB. I was going to get a bean and cheese burrito until I realized that they didn't have refried beans. No problem. There are lots of places where I can buy a bean burro, enchilada style. I had a breakfast burro with eggs, potatoes, cheese, bacon, and chorizo. It was excellent. It was something I haven't had in a long time. It was likely twelve(?) times larger than the breakfast burritos that you get at McDonald's for $1.00. I look forward to going there again. I read that parking is difficult unless your an ASU student. I personally parked at Apache Blvd. and Price at the Park & Ride. I then took the light rail west to the station at Rural Rd, and walked south to it's location. There is also a southbound #72 Scottsdale Rd/Rural bus that can get you from the light rail station to Rural and Apache Blvd. You can then walk west to the restaurant at Paseo Exchange at Vista Del Sol, which is just east of McAllister Avenue on the south side of Apache Blvd (681 E Apache Blvd.). I have to leave the library now. I will check this review for errors later. I also took about fifty photos of "Big City Burrito" with the owner's permission. When time allows, I may tweek some of them to make them lighter, etc.
VALUE. You get an entree, Bread, Salad, desert and coffee or Tea  for about $10. That's a steal. 

Some of the entrees are pretty average but the mizithra cheese spaghetti is OUTSTANDING, and i always leave here full.  

I'd give them 3 stars for most of their food, but I have to bump them a star because the value you get is rare and the mizithra is worth the trip alone.
Honestly didn't have the highest hopes for a hotel in Wickenburg, but was pleasantly surprised. Each room has it's own outdoor entrance with parking in a central private lot. 

The rooms were clean and spacious. They had a fridge in each room which is always a bonus in my eyes. 

I'd stay here again if I needed a room in Wickenburg for sure.
I went to this place for lunch. It was a little crowded, but the service was still fast and friendly. Our food came out quickly, and it tasted very good. It actually had a medium amount of spice like we requested, unlike some places where even the mild is still uncomfortably spicy. Everything tasted very good, and was a reasonable price (we ordered from the lunch menu). I'll be going back.
I've been here 3 times now. The first 2 for cocktails and a small plate and last time (using a Groupon certificate) for Brunch. The seaweed salad was good and I really loved the plantains. For brunch I had the hula hash- pork with an egg on top over hash browns. SO GOOD! I was not fond of the Bloody Mary, but the mimosa was up to par and only $3.
So disappointed! We went to CrackerJax last night to play mini golf & go-kart and it was such a waste of money. We paid $6.50/each for 18 holes on the most horrendous mini golf course I've ever played. The greens have permanent marker on them to indicate where you should place your ball, they're cracked, bubbled, and essentially all flat on the desert course - aka boring. We tried the maze course & it was equally disappointing. Trash everywhere, no running water in the waterfalls, leaves everywhere, just gross. 

We went go-karting after. My car sounded like it was going to fall apart. You go around 4-5 times & you're done. It's nothing amazing. 

No plans on returning until it gets a complete face lift!
My office is in Old Town Scottsdale so I have a lot of options for lunch. This little place is by far my favorite! My "usual order" is the "Man Salad" which is just amazing- lots of protein and good fats to keep you full all afternoon!

They are always so friendly EVEN when they're busy. The thing I like most, however, is simply how consistent they are. The salad is the same every time, their service is excellent every time, and they are as fast as possible every time. You see them hustling to get orders done as quickly as they can. The place is really just wonderful- keep doing what you're doing guys!
Was here for dinner late Saturday night.   The service was prompt.  They were courteous.  I had the Beef Salad.  Was really good.  My goofing buddy the Fried Vegetable Rice.  He liked it too.  I think if I am back in Phoenix, which I plan to be, I will be coming back.
Mmmmmm soo good i love the splash berry drinks and the omlets r so packed
My boyfriend had this delivered to his place in Tempe one night when we returned from Casey Moore's and he ordered me some sort of turkey samich with avacado and bacon. I must say, that was one of the most delicious subs ever... not just because of the circumstances but because it truly was amazing! The delivery guy was there quick and friendly. I will be visiting soon!
Ugh, talk about douchebag central.

We came here looking for some dinner (as in: entrees), but their menu left much to be desired in the "actual food" department, so we ordered the damn "cheese and meat plate" which was boring, small and tasted terrible. 

We also had, like, 7 different servers for some inexplicable reason, who wouldn't listen to ANY of our requests to stop filling up our water glasses every 3 seconds. 
We didn't want water, we wanted food.  
We ended up going across the street to the Italian joint because we wanted real food instead of a frikkin crackers and crappy lunch meat.

This is good for the whole Ed-Hardy-40-something-year-old-popped-collar crowd and their 22 year year-old consorts to meet up from their ads on Craigslist; but otherwise this place is awful...which is weird because their sister business, The Windsor, is absolutely amazing.
I'll admit it. I'm a coffee snob. 
After beginning a Starbucks Boycott last year (they used powdered coffee in just about everything other than their brewed coffee) I was starting to get lonely. 
On our way to Matt's Big Breakfast, my mother and I pulled in to Dutch Bros so I could try it out. It's right on my mum's way to work, and she recommended the four-shot Double Torture. It's like crack in a cup - in a good way.
I've since waned from my usal 4DT, but you know what I like about Dutch Bros, even more than the coffee? The service. I do not mind paying a little extra when I get treated the way I do at Dutch Bros. They ask you how you're doing, what you're up to, and they remember what you tell them so next time they ask, "How'd you do on your Forensic exam?" It makes you feel better! 
Oh, and they have a (drum roll please)... A PUNCH CARD THINGIE! 
For every ten coffees you buy (no matter the size) you get a little neat-o stamp on your card and after the ten, you get one (whatever size) FOR FREE!!!!!! FREE!!! FREE!!!! There are so many size restrictions on punch cards that I nearly squealed when I realized that I didn't have to pay extra for my large iced ER 911. I'm a college student. "Free" is my favorite word.

So go, my brothers and sisters! Go and have coffee that will make your morning caffeinated! Go and be treated wonderfully rather than crappily at your local Starbucks that you pay for powdered coffee! Go and get your real, roasted-bean goodness in a cute cup that has flowers on it! GO!
(...I've been watching too many Civil war movies in History...)
But seriously. Go. Get a punch card. Join the Dutch Mafia so you get specials emailed or texted to you, along with... COUPONS!
If I could give a 0 star, they'd own it.. I have nothing.. Not one positive to say about this bank. I wanted a local bank because most of my money is in USAA which used to be hard to make deposits to because they are based in San Antonio. BofA has fees upon fees.. Long lines at any lunch hour... Waits on phone , awful customer service.. Oh and the kicker.. I deposited a trust fund check.. From Vanguard!! They wouldn't let me have it for 10-14 days.. Despite that Vanguard had cleared the check with them.. I'm guaranteeing BofA made interest off of my $7k! Don't get me started on what they have done to our housing market.. Ahh.. Thank God I can bank with USAA..
What do they do to make a basic breakfast so good? Well, actually mine wasn't basic. I took the special off the board: Andouille sausage, havarti cheese (I think), a lovely red spicy pepper three egg omelette AH-mazing, their famous potatoes on the side. Thick slices of whole grain bread on the side with a tiny bit of butter (I wish it had more). One of my kids had the breakfast sandwich with bacon, one had the chicken marinated in pesto sandwich, and the husband had something I can't remember but everyone was very full, very happy even after waiting well over an hour to get seated.  We did ask for a grilled cheese sandwich for our kid and the waitress looked at us stunned and said it's not on the menu. True but they have bread and cheese right? Oh well. What I loved more than anything was every staff person you come in contact with says: Thank you for waiting! 

I hope to go back soon even though it's a 40 minute drive from my house and more than likely an hour wait to get in - it's worth it.
My BF swears by this place. He says its the closest he's had to the cheesesteaks in Philly. Well I've never been to Philly and if their famous cheesesteaks are like these, than I'll have to past. Don't get me wrong, they taste good but I've definitely had way better. I am a huge fan of cheesesteaks and I've had my fair share of cheesesteaks in my lifetime to make that judgement.
Tuesdays are 2-for-1 pizza night! Which is amazing. The truffle mushroom pizza is a favorite or some of my friends and I. Along with the bruschetta - (fig/prosciutto is the wonderful). The staff is very accommodating and friendly. Everything about this place is great. The only thing I would say is that some Tuesdays when it's slammed and it's two-for-one pizza night the pizzas are not as good and come out burnt. I would go another night.
Don't ever expect too much when you come to an IHOP except for lots of pancake fun. It's location is tucked inside a hotel parking lot. Never very busy at the times I have gone.   Love their all you can eat pancake specials when they have them.  Last time I tried the banana caramel pancake that they had on special and it was sinfully fabulous.  
Because the place wasn't very packed the wait staff was not very attentive to needs. Water glasses were refilled regularly.  Also they have a problem with splitting the bill and it doesn't matter what time of day or night that it is.
This is the best gas station + convenience mart around.  The fuel prices are competative, there is a good selection of snacks and drinks, the restrooms are clean, plus FREE air for your tires.
Always clean, easy, simple, and organized!!!
Cell phone lot has a billboard that keeps you in the know & there is a restroom if you need it.  The Christmas rush is very doable here at Sky Harbor.
Good cheap car wash.

$4 gets the outside very, very clean (and you just drive yourself on through). Very quick way to clean up.

I also use full service if I need the interior cleaned too. This can take awhile depending on how busy they are.

Good service, fair prices.
Disgustingly infantile understanding of human nature and reality. Ted Simons has completed his transformation back to an adolescent  world view.
So a friend and I decided to take a beginners glass blowing class here after finding a deal on Living Social.  It was part of their fall beginners class, and we got to make pumpkins last night, and I have to say, it was a lot of fun.

The place itself is kind of hidden in a residential part of town, and if you didn't know it was there, you would totally miss it like I did last night when going to class.  The studio itself is set back, and I have to say, it was really a lot of fun. The two guys who ran the class taught us a lot about what's involved with glass blowing, and were pretty funny the whole night through.  did you know that they keep the glass ovens between like 2100 and 2400 degrees? Did you know it takes 10 days for the kiln to cool down from those temperatures, and 10 days to warm back up?  I found the information interesting, and felt like I learned a lot last night during class.

The process itself was pretty fun and went really fast.  There's a variety of steps you go through to get the glass to shape and make its colors, and it was a whole lot of fun.  I wish it was something I could do more often, like drop in and make a few things, but unfortunately, that would be expensive on my end!  Let me tell you, the ovens themselves didn't make me nervous at all, but dang, those things are BRIGHT AS HECK AND HOT TOO.  They have you wear sunglasses to protect your eyes from the light itself when your cooking the glass.

The guys here are fun, and the younger one with black hair was really cute too! They are really nice and friendly, so feel free to ask them as many questions as you want!

I will be back at some point, and will keep my eyes open for more living social deals!
Horrible! Waited 40 minutes on a Wednesday at 2 pm. there was a line out the door and only 3 tables were taken. no one came up to us for 15 minutes and he was rude and dirty. waitress was rude and had dirty fingernails. she kept sighing and grunting and would just throw stuff on our table. hamburger was served raw. Literally RAW. Won't even go on about it. Ruined appledbees for me forever. Stay AWAY!
This place is definitely geared towards retirees and businessmen, but is very clean and well appointed.

The rates are competitive, as far as resorts go.  The room was extremely spacious and comfortable.  The bathroom was larger than my bedroom, complete with oversized standing shower, spa tub, and seperate toilet area.  Overall I was extremely pleased.
I am loving Skin Therapy Aesthetics. So welcoming each time I come in to get services. You think waxing is easy but for some not so much. I have no worries at Skin Therapy Aesthetics Lindsay is knowledgeable in what she does, her wax is not a hot wax that burns you and does not go all over the place. She is a good/clean services. She also has a variety of treatment/services she provides. Would highly recommend. =)
We have heard about this place for a long time from friends and family. Everybody loves it!
My questions is WHY? Why the hype? Is it because of Guy Fieri?
My husband and I are very adventurous foodies. We are also very creative cooks. 
This was not good Mexican food. This was not good Chinese food. Get the two together and it was horrible food. Truly the worst food we have ever had in the valley! I think people are going for it cuz its trendy! Pleeeease!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
If you are looking for the typical Phoenix-Mexican blanket of gloppy cheese and lard-heavy refried beans, this is not your restaurant.   If, however, you are looking for finesse and carefully crafted Mexican flavors, then rush over to Sol Mexican Cocina.

We had lunch there on a Tuesday afternoon.   We had a friendly server and excellent food.   Highlights were a bean paste dip, a very spicy salsa, and great chips.   We also tried a fish taco, a mushroom taco, and a beer batter shrimp taco.    All were terrific.  

We were less thrilled with the naked guacamole and the rice that we had as sides   But Sol had brought out a plate of condiments at the start of the meal so we were able to "season up" so we enjoyed them.  

I always had trouble finding Mexican restaurants when I have out of town guests.   Now I have Sol!
This theater is cute and I like the open concept of it but I just wasn't very comfortable here
Good thing we picked a good, funny movie to watch or else I don't know how else I would be comfortable enough to stay
Upon walking in, the SMG looked like a cute modern movie theater
The employees are all very nice, young, and clean
There is a full bar to your left when you walk in and when we were there, it didn't seem busy or packed which is probably the norm for this location
We used a groupon ticket and so the movie was pretty cheap
When we walked into the theater I noticed that is was a little dated and really wide
I love the whole dining/drinking/movie watching experience but these are some of the things I didn't like about this theater
1) Seating is spaced well but it seems like the people who sit in the chairs in front of you would be in your way
2) Roller ball chairs in a theater would be loud and annoying
3) Although it is a dine-in theater, I hate hearing the sound of rustling paper and silverware clinking
4) The chairs are hard to get comfortable and I was really hoping they would recline
5)The screen volume can get a bit loud sometimes, louder than normal/usual

All in all this isn't a bad theater but it was just one that didn't really do it for me
I did enjoy the movie and popcorn enough

Next review could be better if I get the big blue margarita first :)
If you want really good breakfast or brunch food this is definitely a hidden gem. You would never tell driving up to the front, but this place does it right. I believe Yoli does all of the cooking so when it gets busy, be prepared to be patient. They share an awesome courtyard with another new place called the Perch Brewery and they have a bunch of rescued exotic birds. Our daughters love to come to this place just to see the birds, but the real reason we keep going back is the food. The service is good as well, but don't forget you may have to wait for a table and then be patient for your food...it is well worth the wait!
First of all, as a reader we should look at information presented to us on the web with caution. For human bias rules these social web networks and sometimes can cause real damage to great small business or in this case restaurant. When reading the veiws above or below take a minute and consider validity of each review. It's very upsetting to read such hatred. Secondly take a good look at the bad reviews they usually only last a few sentences for that is how close minded some are.

On the other hand, you have the 5 star review writiers who took the time to invest their love for such a place. As will I. I love this place and I know you will to. I guarantee that with the bottom of my heart. You might find something wrong with it if your looking close enough, but come on. 

Cucina Tagliani's has been run by one family for over 16 years. In comparing it to somewhere in snobsdale of course it doesn't have chilled salad forks or bread crumbers walking around cleaning up after you. Tag's just is NOT that sort of place. It's a real down to earth Italian Kitchen, not a snobby bistro or ristorante. Italian kitchen, enough said. My girlfriends family are Italians from Chicago and their family recipe for marinara sauce are so similar to Tagliani's. One major underlying component in why I feel Tagliani's convey's that perfect recipe for an Italian family cooked meal.

I grew up going to Cucina Tagliani's with my family and friends, even with my friend's families and their friends. Over the years I've been there more then any other Italian restaurant. It's not a corrupt corporation robbing you of quality and cutting corners to improve the profit margins. It's one family and their friends serving their view on Italian cooked meals. 

Now that I have that off my chest let us talk about food. 

After seated by a hostess and genuine smile, your greeted with bread and butter, by request only you can ask for focaccia, an Italian flat bread. Lately I've been going on fridays so I start of with a pint of Peroni, a great Italian Pilsner close in flavor to Stella Artoir or Heineken. Ordering the chicken parmesan on most occasions which is my favorite go to if i cannot decide. Tagliani's chicken breasts are the largest I've had on a chx parm anywhere. Not to mention tenderest as well as the juiciest. I've had most combinations of the Pick-A-Pasta Bowls, finally coming to the one that I love. Mostaccoli, marinara, meatballs, mozzarella, and caramelized onions. The,  caramelized onions are magic, add them to anything and it's instantly amazing. More favorite's of mine are the Pesto Chicken, Spicy Rigatoni, and honestly any of the sandwiches. Ill end there, naming all this food has me salivating, I think I'm going to Tag's for lunch, see you there.


----Continuance of Review: 

Morgan D. is referring to me defending a great place I grew up with. The web has a huge impact of the survival of small businesses like this one in a time like this. 

No, I'm not affiliated in any shape or form. Well, except the fact that I LOVE IT, with all my heart, and i will defend to my last breathe. Emotions run high when you love something, Don't they? I guess not for some people. 

Tagliani's and their staff have played important role in my life, and everyone needs to know there are people like me willing to stand up for the places in their heart. Read all my reviews I have never discredited a place just for the sake of doing so. All opinions are valid, but have some respect for the people behind these business' please.

I just will not stand by when I LOVE this place and SOME PEOPLE go there one night and hate it.
Food was good, I had the Frutti de Mare with red sauce and boy it is spicy, so be warned. Everyone else ordered the Spaghetti Pie, which was the special that night. It was OK, my mom's is better. The service was good, but the wait for a table was over an hour. Of course if was a Saturday night and they are having Glendale Glitters so it was really busy. The pizza is good, I have had it before, I am not the biggest wood fire pizza fan, because it is always burned on the bottom!
Now I know I have this thing for Fascinations but this is one of the best stores I have been into. HUGE selection of porn. An incredibly large selection of dongs, toys, bathing suits, panties, night club wear, hosiery, lotions, oils, shoes, magazines, bondage, latex, whips, chains, and did I mention they are also a smoke shop?

They have plus sizes and their shoe selection goes up to a size 14 for you beautiful men and women out there. Seriously take your time and see what they have to offer, you will be like a kid in a candy store. I was excited to see that they have the Sybian but not to be left out they have the Venus 2000 for you guys.  They will also buy those old pornos you don't want. 

Things are perhaps not too organized but that is the fun of the store. They do have some items on sale and if you buy 2 movies, you get the 3rd free! They are open late on the weekends until 1 am.
Centurion has great potential in Phoenix, however there are still some things it needs to work on. When we first walked in to the restaurant, I felt a little overwhelmed. The space is kind of small and the decor is a little too full of knick-knacks for my taste. Also, I felt a little teased by the many bottles of booze along the wall, since Centurion does not yet have a liquor license. However, they have an awesome looking patio out front that I can't wait to use once the weather cools down a bit.
 
The staff was super friendly and helpful throughout the meal. The chef made some suggestions with the cheese plate we tried, and it was awesome. I can't wait till they add more cheese to the list to try and they have wine to go with it. The entree, I had was a little lack luster for me. I chose the spinach and shitake mushroom risotto. The risotto was cooked well, but a little too salty for my liking. I also tried a bite of the gnocchi with vegetables. It had a good wine sauce, however, again a little on the salty side. All in all I would definitely like to go back once they have a liquor license. The cheese plate alone was that good!
Definitely a positive experience here over the weekend.  I love the open air seating area even though I actually ended up eating in the bar (there was a wait and the bar was avaialable).  

Food (4 stars)
Pretzels with beer+cheese sauce = Heaven on a plate, I would almost fly to Pheonix just for this pretzel!!  Seriously the best pretzels I've ever had.

Chorizo Brat - Good spicy southwestern flavor
Lamb Brat - Tasty though I wouldn't say it particularly tasted like lamb
Rattlesnake brat - Had to do it since I've never had rattle snake and well worth ordering, similar meat consistency to aligator (no surprise there)

Serivice (5 stars)
Very good positive attitude from the people we dealt with.  Great service from the bartender who while busy still checked on us regularly.  And the host did come find us to see if we still wanted a table and let us know it was still going to be a while.

I look forward to coming back on my next trip to Phoenix, especially for that pretzel and some german beer.
I don't think I would have made it through some of my long days in the dance department at ASU without a lunch from Sacks. I have had sandwiches and salads alike at this fine establishment, hardly any of which have left me unsatisfied. The free cookies are yummy and a nice pick me up on a hard day. Plus definitely dig the vegetarian options, mostly because its more than just some cheese and veggies on bread.  Lastly, I might add that amidst the chaos of the lunch hour, they would never falter in their efficiency to make the perfect sandwich. My one complaint was that I wished it was open in the evenings. Evening classes or rehearsals may have gone a little better with some  pre-dance deliciousness.
After seeing good reviews on Yelp for Biagio, I decided to try it out this morning.  I did the mani/pedi combo with a shellac french manicure.  I was seated right away and really enjoyed the ambiance of the shop - granite countertops, large massage chairs, and overall classy decor.

Kevin was my nail technician, and he did a great job with both the manicure and the pedicure.  He was super friendly, offered me bottled water, gave a great massage and seemed to enjoy his job.  

Everything combined was about $50, which in my book is reasonably priced (albeit not overly cheap).  Since I've had some less than stellar nail experiences in Phoenix in the past, I wholeheartedly recommend Biagio to those willing to pay a slight premium for a more pleasant mani/pedi experience.
Great place!

The Rooste is a SUPER fun place for kids and adults who still think they're kids. Think "Red Robin", with but better food, amazing upgrade of an atmosphere, and less germs.

Definitely recommend having dinner here with a party ready to have some fun. It's a tastefully put together restaurant, ranch house style. Tables aren't too close together, the waiters are pretty efficient, and the foood is goooood. (This review is coming from a vegetarian, but still, great tasting FISH, tasty SALADS and excellent POTATOES). I heard the ribs were great from my neighbor at our table.

 Be prepared for loud noises coming from all corners of the building, live music sounding all around...and there's a slide to keep hyper kids busy while you eat!
LOVE this place ~ IF I had to only choose one resturant to order from this one might be my top choice.  It's so clean, with healthy food and good, fast, friendly service.  They have the BEST salads!  

One of my farovite personal treats is to ride my bike to Wildflower Bread Company and have their delicious coffee and a Bearclaw pastry. (Yeah, I know it sounds anti-productive to ride a bike to eat a pastry ~ but it's better than driving to eat pastry!)  

They have a very nice outside eating area, too.  I often go here by myself just to enjoy the beautiful Arizona weather, nice people and great food.  I always feel blessed when I leave.  They seemed blessed as well ~ they always seem to have a full house.  Blessings to them.  : ) KC
The Play Factory in Mesa is closed!  Last week they said they it was closed for routine maintenance.  Stopped by today and everything was cleared out.  The name above the building was taken off.  No note on the door saying we've moved or anything.  What a disappointment.  It was a good place for the boys to burn some energy.  I'll be looking up management for a refund on my unlimited play passes.
Best bakery in town! Feels like new York
Had Lengua taco. It was good but tiny. Girlfriend's taco was also tiny, she said smallest tacos she has ever seen. However, the Sonora Dogs were great. They have extra sauce and sliced pork or other meat, great combo. Very messy and great. The other customers had big portions, so tacos only item appears to be small. Would definitely come back, especially for the sonora dog.
I've been a fan of U.S. Egg for a while.  We usually come here every time we're in the Pheonix area just for their awesome breakfast.  They have an extensive menu with all the basic breakfast stuff, but they're known for their skillets and also their amazing protein pancakes that are an healthier alternative.  They have good options if you don't want to pig out and their food over all is really good.

The wait on the weekends is ridiculous, but nice touch offering free coffee for those waiting to be seated.  We had a fairly large group and the service was rather poor.  Honestly, I expected a lot more in terms of service.  It's not like they didn't know Saturday mornings get busy.  They need to hire more people.  The service was so non-existent at times where we had to get up and find them to get certain things like place settings, refills, etc.  It was rather annoying.  At one point our service explained to us they were waiting for clean cups so they could pour our juice.  Really?  You're an established restaurant and you don't have enough cups for your patrons?  

Note to U.S. Egg owner.  I've made a shopping list for you:

- Hire more people for the weekends.
- Don't be cheap.  Buy more cups.
I stopped by yesterday on a whim, and was very pleased with where that whim took me.

The staff was friendly and very attentive, and the high back chairs are just the right amount of inviting and cushy. I ordered the La Boheme cocktail, which was exactly what I was looking for in a gin cocktail. I ordered four of the bruschetta for my meal, the mozzarella, the ricotta, the brie, and the prosciutto. All were delicious, but since the last three were such standouts, the mozzarella was just decent. I saved the brie one until last for dessert, and I should have stopped there. Sadly, I went ahead and ordered the pinot noir cupcake, which in theory should have been delicious, but in practice was dry, and did not live up to the deliciousness of the dinner. So, honestly, that's the only reason for the four stars. Had I not ordered the cupcake, I probably would have given five.
This is our favorite date night place. The food and the staff have always been awesome.
Me and my team wanted to try something new and since this place is nearby work we decided to try it out for lunch today.

Our orders were:
Backstreet Bacon Bleu Burger
Caprese Lamb Burger 
Classic Burger
AZ Chipotle Chicken Salad

Postivies:

1. Food arrived exactly as we ordered it. Nothing was missing.
2. Food arrived fast and we are just about a mile away.  
3. Fries were amazing!
4. Gal that took the phone order was pleasant and even though multiple orders with multiple payment methods were placed, was good natured and got everything correct.
5.  Burgers came with tomatoes/onion/lettuce/pickles ON THE SIDE.  So important for take out or delivery so you don't have a soggy burger.
6.  Everything on the menu is very reasonably priced.  Where can you still get a burger and fries delivered for $5?  ($6 with cheese)

Negatives:
1. Regular and sweet potato fries (that came with the meal) were on the skimpy side.  We'd like to see more fries included since they are so yummy!
2. Pasta salad (that came with the meal) was also on the skimpy side.  It was delicious but more of it would be nice!
3.  Burger ordered medium-well was on the well done side.  Great flavor but a little dry since it was overcooked.
4. Potato salad could use some reworking.  Tasted "ok" but could really be amazing if it was jazzed up a bit.
5. Chicken salad - the "chipotle" part of the salad is the dressing but that wasn't cleary indicated when we ordered.  We were asked what type of dressing we wanted.  Assumed the chipotle was how the chicken was flavored, asked for ranch.  So it was basically a southwest chicken salad with ranch dressing.  Kind of disappointing but the salad was still good.

Our favorite was the Caprese Lamb Burger.  AMAZING flavor and the buns are out of this world.  We're going to go here for breakfast next time!
Menu has tons of different choices, and every single one looks good! Good beer specials, and interesting servers... fun atmosphere too
I just took the Fondue Party Class with instructor Doris LaMott Hoel and had a great time. She made the class exciting, fun, and full of information. 

Look forward to booking another class
I agree with the first review. I grew up in Arizona and this is by far the best Fillibertos. I guess some of the Filli B's in AZ charge for the extra condiments. At this location you can help yourself to free chips, salsas and other sides. 

This place is your best bet for late night authentic fast Mexican fast food.
Ok...count me in the "I'm not a vegan but this place was great"  crowd!

Went and had lunch with some new friends  one is a vegetarian, so we thought we'd give it a try.......VERY GOOD and VERY reasonable...
5 appetizers for around $17 and 2 entrees with tea were around $22..

Between 6 of us, we tried the pizza, several of the bowls (apricot was awesome!),   edimame, Hummus, peanut thai tofu, artichoke dip, crab puffs, and 4 different desserts.  everything was wonderful! 

 the only negative in the entire meal was that our group thought the artichoke dip was runny but flavorful.

 we got there for lunch right as they opened at 11 and were served first...the place was full very quickly after that.  The staff was extremely friendly and helpful and talked to us "newbies" at length about the menu, how to order, and what the vegan cheeses were like.  They even brought us samples of the ice cream to help us order!
We will definitely be back, thanks for a great time and a great meal!
Richard and the APS crowd:)
You know that old saying that the way to a man's heart is through his stomach? Well, what the originator of that quote was really trying to say is that the way to a man's heart is through Hot Bagels. 

I've been going to this place for years; therefore, I always took the fantastic assortment of bagels, cream cheeses as well as the extremely low prices for granted. I knew Hot Bagels was the best place to get a fast and cheap breakfast, and I wanted to spread the word. 

So I offered to bring my romantic companion breakfast one morning; his honed taste buds reawakened me to the rare deliciousness that is Hot Bagels. On a side note, I'm pretty sure the bacon, egg, and cheese breakfast sandwich sealed the deal. 

If you are planning on winning over a romantic companion with food, use Hot Bagels. Might I suggest: lox spread on a sesame seed bagel, salmon on a salt bagel, or the breakfast sandwich on an everything bagel. Your love-life will flourish, guaranteed!
This was my second visit to the HSG. The first time I went for Blues In The Barn. The entertainment was my favorite local bluesman, Paris James. The barn was very cold and the servers insisted on leaving the doors open. Service was slow and the menu was limited, not the same as in the main restaurant. But the entertainment was wonderful.

When a friend suggested going for dinner I was interested to try some items from the full menu. I arrived early, not knowing how bad the traffic would be. It was 15 minutes before the restaurant opening time. The door was unlocked so I went inside, stated that I realized I was early, but would it be ok to just get a glass of wine and hang out until my dinner companion arrived. I was told "no" in no uncertain terms, so I went back outside to wait. Strike 1.

When my friend arrived she asked for a cocktail not on the menu and was told that they didn't know how to make it and wouldn't guarantee it would be any good, Strike 2. 

As an appetizer we had the polenta fries, which were crispy and tasty with a zesty chile aoli.

For my entree I had the veggie trio. The presentation was beautiful. The portions were miniscule. For $16 I got 4 small slices of beets, a tiny tasting cup of delicious soup with toasted hazelnuts on top, and one arancini (fried risotto ball) with a tiny carafe of tomato sauce. The arancini was yummy and crisp on the outside and moist and flavorful on the inside. The beets were also flavorful. 

In spite of having only three filled tables, service by two waiters and a wine steward was snail-like all through the meal, becoming surly when we asked for a coffee and a hot tea after dinner. We were never offered water, coffee or tea refills. Strike 3. 

All in all, I will not be going back to HSG. I enjoyed the food, but the surly, slow service coupled with the expensive menu items make this spot a poor value in spite of the lovely old house and charming patio in which the restaurant is situated.
I don't give many 5 star reviews because I believe they should be reserved for ONLY the best food combined with great ambiance.  This place does it all- and that is high praise after living and eating well in NYC for 2 years.  

The first time we tried eating here we walked away because the wait was 90 minutes minimum (Friday night at 6:30 PM).  We wised up and decided to try again arriving Saturday at 5:30.

We had a party of 4- and we were seated without a wait.  The waiter proved to be exceptional - offering descriptions of the entrees that made our mouths water.

We had the guacamole- made table side which was excellent. I have never tried it with pomegranite seeds before and it was a nice twist!  
For my main I had the slow roasted pork- Conchita Pibil, which was excellent.  The flavors in the mashed potatoes and grilled zuchini were also stellar.  
Someone in our party tried the chiles en Nogada (which is a seasonal dish) and it was excellent also. 
We skipped dessert because we were so full- next time I will save room.

 I will certainly come back here and highly recommend it to anyone who wants good authentic cuisine in a "funky" different atmosphere. 
Warning: it can get VERY loud around the bar area- especially on a Friday night.
Came here for brunch with my girlfriends, and I just fell in love with the ambiance, the service, and especially the dessert. We got Duck Confit Sandwich, Croque Monsieur Ou Madame (sandwich of ham, gruyere and bechamel sauce) and Veal Paillard (with mushroom). Overall we rated the food 3-3.5 . I thought the veal was pleasantly delicious. My duck confit was big and very heavy (because of the duck-fat mayonnaise) which was ok because I just wanted to have duck @ that moment. However the rye bread was hard, and the duck wasn't very tender.

I was about to give it a 3... until the dessert came out which pumped it up to a 4. We got Brown Butter Crepes and Beignets. Forget about the crepes, the Beignets  which came with 3 small cups of dipping (raspberry, vanilla and nutella) were out of this world! We ended up order a 2nd plate of 6!

I'm planning to come back some time this week to try other entree items, and more of those beignets! =)
Not every establishment can come into a new area and do so well right after opening.  This place is an exception due to their reputation of their original location in Arcadia and know how to create a relaxing cool atmosphere.   Great addition to the neighborhood as this "hood" seems to be an up and coming area with new restaurants and revitalization.  

I would really give Postino Central 5 stars, but I feel that the wines offered by the glass are only worth $5 as they are offered during the day.  They have done a good job making customers believe that they are getting a good deal at this price while this is what they should be priced at anyway.  It's not a huge complaint of mine, I just know what these wines really cost.

Overall this place should be on anyone's list of places to check out and experience "Uptown's" new swagger feel!
I was a patient here for 5 years. I am in early 50s....needless to say, this practice is for women who are having babies!  I developed an ovarian cyst that would not go away and experienced pain/bleeding that was not normal.  My mother died of ovarian cancer, so there is a concern.  Dr. Ragaini ordered ultrasounds but no treatment was offered.  I saw another dr in the practice when I became concerned about the bleeding.  He basically told me not to worry.

I decided to get a second opinion...at Mayo Clinic.  I was diagnosed with a prolapsed uterus, rectocele & cystocele.   I had a tumor on one of my ovaries, also.  I had a hysterectomy and ovaries removed and I feel like a new person!  I am so glad I left New Horizons....they really blew me off.
I'm an out-of-towner and I drove across Phoenix to come here...

I'm glad I did! I'm not a big mani/pedi girl, but I desperately needed one. So off to Biagio - Call ahead, make an appointment because they sure are busy. I did have to wait, but only 5-10 minutes before they got started. The massage chairs are big, comfy, and new. The atmosphere is far far better than most nail salons. They've dimmed the lights a bit, added a stone walkway, and made sure they've got solid ventilation.

Overall, it was a good value at $38 for a standard mani/pedi plus tip. My manicure lasted two weeks, but only because I had to remove it for business. My pedicure is still rockin' strong three weeks later.

When I'm back in Phoenix in a few months, I'll be back at Biago, getting my nails did.
The variety of flavors is astounding...how do they come up with this stuff?  I haven't had anything bad and the place is adorable...nice if you want a cool after dinner dessert out on the town.
They have great prices, and are quick and do the job well. I just got our comforter cleaned, they did a great job removing all the stains and getting it to look like new, all for under $20! Plus they have a super quick turn around, if I knew that it was that easy to get our blankets dry cleaned I would have done it a lot sooner
Awesome as usual!  We have moved a couple times over the last 10 years, and just recently moved near this Ray's location. All the other Ray's we were near rocked- and this one is no different. The cheese tastes better than anyone else's and the sauce is laid perfect- not too much but not too little. Glad we found one close again!
I got a gel manicure here and I didn't leave impressed. 

On first impression, the salon is larger than many I have been to and everything appears cleans. I arrived without an appointment and someone was there to do my manicure right away, which is also a plus. Also, being at Tempe Marketplace makes it very convenient. However, I felt like my manicure was rushed. The lady trimmed my nails well, as I asked her to do, but I feel like they could have been filed a lot better. Immediately upon getting home I re-filed them myself in order to make them more straight and get rid of some of the sharp edges. I also feel like she missed the sides of some of my nails, as well as some of the tips. A nail or two even look slightly chipped as a result, but my own filing helped correct that some. There was also no massage of any sort, she just put some lotion on in the end, so that was disappointing.  In the end, I don't think it was worth the $30 I was charged. I have been to other places that have done a better, more thorough, job for the same price.
Well I can't say this area doesn't have good seafood anymore, however, my pocket cannot afford this place on the regular.

Fabulous seafood, extremely fresh.
Yelp brought me here. Your reviews were spot on! Such a cool little atmosphere and a cheesesteak you can't find elsewhere in the Valley. Definitely take advantage of the "Fry Sauce!" Even good on the sandwich! Will definitely recommend to friends.
Overall we liked this place. It was quiet, service was very good and food was good. My complaint is the pricing. Food as in the low $20's, which seems a bit high for the atmosphere and food. My major issue was the pricing on the wine. They served one of my favorite bottles, which typically goes for $50-$65, but this place was asking $85.   The pasta was fresh and very tender, and I very much enjoyed the ravioli. For 2 dinners, bottle of wine and desert, I feel like we could have done much better for $140.
I don't know if this restaurant is Mexican, Puerto Rican or Cuban, but I don't get it. We split the monster quesadilla which has jack cheese, monterey cheese some tomato and jalapeno peppers. I went with the sweet corn tamale as my entree that came with rice & beans and a red sauce. The tamales were 2 scoops of cornmeal. My husband had the grilled burrito topped with queso cheese. 

I don't mean to be critical, but nothing at all about our meal was authentic, everything taste processed.

Disappointed.
Cool bar inside of the Saguaro Hotel!  Great atmosphere, super friendly bartenders and amazing drinks.  The agave vodka drink is so yummy...tart and a little bit sweet at the same time.
Was pretty pumped to try a new place downtown, but 'meh' pretty much sums it up. 
Service was fine, but our waitress seemed a little overwhelmed by the number of tables she had.
The location is good (cityscape), and the decor inside is really cute, with these lamps that kinda look like they're made out of spaghetti (a STRAND of spaghetti, I'd say).
Prices are about what you'd expect - $15ish for a pasta plate.
Unfortunately, the food just isn't great. The standout of the evening was actually the drunken bread, which we gobbled up quite quickly. After that, the pasta primavera and chicken alfredo were just bland, and the sausage pizza was actually not good. They're going for the artisan/napoleon style (I think), but instead of being delicious and chewy, the crust was just soggy and limp. The cheese and sausage toppings were no better.
It's an ok place if you have no other option, but in downtown phx, you have many other options. I won't be returning.
The only thing bad about this place is that they're closed after 10. Love love love this yogurt! They rotate flavors so your tastebuds never get bored, an overwhelming selection of fruit and candy toppings are laid out before you...and the ambiance is so fun and happy, just like the owners! Froyo should be fun!
Seeing that my last review was in August 2007, it's time for an update.  I've been back to the T. Cooks bar/lounge at the Royal Palms more times than I can count on my hands.  I even had a surprise party for my fiance there a while back...

Keep in mind that every single time I've been there, I've eaten and/or drank in the bar - not in the restaurant... it's always fun and entertaining, and Jason, Jeremy, and Salso take great care of us.  

T. Cooks recently changed their menu, and wow... I had an amazing entree last night of beef short rib served with a carrot risotto cake.  The beef was fall off the bone amazing and I finished off my meal with very little help from an eager fiance.  I did also enjoyed a bite of his lobster ravioli... buttery and just the right texture, it melted in my mouth as well.

Great wine, food, and ambiance - you cannot go wrong at T Cooks / Royal Palms!
Went again last night - Can't say a bad thing about it. Bravo Postino!

Also - valet is only $3... totally worth it.
3 stars at best, very average boiled hot dog on a sesame seed bun.  Fries were average, nothing special or out of the ordinary.  I think the ratings on here are all from Chicago fans who like the place just because it's full of Chicago people and history.  The food is "OK".
I have been coming here for about 7 Years and even show up in February when they shut down for a month for their vacation time.. This place is about the same as Da Vang in Phoenix, which I believe is their sister company.. 

We go to Phu Thanh about 1 - 2 times a week. Use to be 2 times a week minimum when i worked by the Bank of America tower... Anyways..

This by far is the best Vietnamese place in town and definitely the best value. When you go inside, here and Da Vang, it almost looks more like a gutted house. They keep the environment cheap but clean, which keeps their prices down, -- come on, do you go for the food or social atmosphere? Me the Food....

My Faves and recommendations are listed in order of my preference
Combo Fried Rice..
Pho #1 on the menu
Seafood Fat Noodle #29
BBQ Pork Short Ribs Served with Rice
Spring Rolls
Seafood Hot Pot
Being a huge pizza junkie, I had been waiting to go here for months especially after reading the reviews. But with their crap hours, its nealy impossible to on a day you can, at least that was my experience. Anywho! Their service was very good, their drinks were good,  and the pizza took like 10 minutes to come out! However, their pizza was definitely nothing to RAVE about. It was good, but not as good as I had hoped. I'd go here again since its close to my house. But i'd pick Biancos or Cibo or parlor over this place any day.
What a nice little place!  We had a perfect breakfast this morning.  We drag in there after the gym, slightly sweaty and still in our gym clothes and it's not a problem there!  Good coffee (but the cups are TOO small).  My daughter's french toast was cinnamon heaven!  I had the special, some southwest eggs benedict thing with green chiles - very good.  The fruit was fresh, it's clean and has quick service!
+ Great /Large Menu
+ Good Food
+ Very Large Portions (I always like to take some home)
+ Surprisingly good prices
+ Good place for family and friends
+ Cute waitresses

---

- Can get busy w/wait times (but NYPD Pizza is right next door if you cant wait)
- Small place. They should buy the building next to it and expand, people cant seem to get enough of Oregano's but they are always a bit small inside. Even cramped. 
- Long cook times (upwards to 50 minutes) but the wait is worth it.
love the deals when they have 20% & 30% off codes!
Oh- Marie Callender's... where to begin? Stopped by for nostalgic reasons- it's been about ten years since my grandmother used to take me regularly. 
 I may start with the fact that I manage a restaurant myself, which makes me forgiving in certain aspects, but perhaps a little overly critical in others. 
We waited at the hostess stand for quite some time.  The hostess was very nice I might add, but the other employee watching from a short distance without acknowledgment didn't go unnoticed. Our server was also very nice.  Here's my issue- food quality and management.  I ordered the salmon along with the salad bar.  The salad bar was okaaaayyy...had about three or four open holes where items should have been.  Now I'm aware that I wouldn't be having the salmon of my life here, but expected palatable.  This was neither.  I barely touched it.  Fishy and rubbery. Once the server noticed, she sent the manager over who barely looked me in the eye as she quickly dismissed my complaint.  I hate making a scene, so I didn't press the issue. The entree stayed untouched, and we paid the full bill...salmon as well.  Okay, I ordered it, yes.  I'm not one to look for a free meal by any means.  However, I surely will not make a guest pay for something they obviously didn't like, and did not eat because of poor quality.  Maybe if the manager was a little more sincere in her apology I wouldn't be writing this at all.
My favorite because they have:  taro and coconut flavored yogurt, mochi and mango bobo, hello kitty and friends spoons and cups.  It's usually clean and employees seem to like working there.
This place gets an A+
It's got everything you want from a contemporary American place:

1.  Traditional fare done right (Ceasar salads, Ribs, Shrimp)
2.  Unique, new offerings (Deep Fried Avocado + Crab? Yum!)
3.  Local flare (Southwestern spirit)
4.  Fresh seafood, tender meat, ripe avocados
5.  Great cocktail variety

As of this posting I have visited the roaring fork twice and loved it both times.  

Their Ceasar salad ranks among my favorites, not only because of the dressing's perfect consistency but also because of the homemade cornbread croutons (they are almost good enough on their own).  

The Mahi Mahi Fish Tacos are ...  well I don't have words to describe how much I loved them.  Fish was warm, fresh, and perfectly fell apart upon biting, with a zesty chipotle dressing and all the accoutrement included and prepared for easy consumption.

Shrimp Cocktail, Ahi Tuna with Crackers, and Green Chile Pork Kettle.  All good.  And loved the fried avocado and crab.  I mean really.  This place has nailed modern cuisine by serving up dishes that intrigue and satiate the palate.

Rinse it down with a nice Sweet Carolina (Sweet Tea Vodka + Lemonade), or enjoy one of their many margaritas. 

I look forward to future visits.
Nice little lunch buffet at a fair price. They had a fantastic chick pea salad and I really liked the Tandori Chicken and rice pudding. I even got a $5.00 off coupon on their website, which made it a very economical lunch choice.
Always a favorite place to go that's casual and yummy ! Had their carmel chicken and it was so good ! All of the staff is very nice and this place is always super clean and tidy !
I love this subway! It's clean, fast, and I always leave happy. Krystal, who is also the manager, is always sooo friendly! Ex: I told her I was dieting and she gave me all kinds of tips! She removed some of my bread , loaded up on  my fav veggies, no cheese and also gave me light mayo packets so I could measure exact calories. I always appreciate great customer service, I am loyal to this particular subway just because of that!
Oatmeal & Chocolate Chip Chippers
Black and White Chocolate Chippers

That's all I want and LOVE from this place.

I've had their sandwiches before but I wasn't too impressed. Something that I can make at home. Their baked goods are to die for though. Definitely drop by a Paradise somewhere in the Phoenix area and get their chippers.
This place is closed and this page needs to be taken down. The new place: http://www.yelp.com/biz/rocky-point-cantina-tempe
Every time I go to this place I ask myself what I am doing there. I rarely find anything there that is a good buy and the staff is completely ridiculous.  They usually talk down to me and they aren't very helpful at all. Even more so when I try to sell very good items to them I get very little back. Not worth it.
Food wasn't all that great, the cheese on nachos was disgusting! Kind of cheese that the taste stays with you for days.  But the beer kept coming quick and drinks were very good.  We had some fish tacos, nothing special there, guppy on a tortilla with slaw.  Nice to be outside area.
I love this place for what it is-a place to get cheap fabric and other assorted craft/sewing supplies. I know going in here that it isn't going to be clean, or quick, or easy to sort through the piles of material. 

When I shop for fabric, I'm only looking for knits (I make scarves out of super soft knits), which are located on the righthand side of the store near the back in a GIANT pile that is only haphazardly organized. Knits aren't sold in large quantities like most of the other fabric they have-they are mostly just small-ish pieces that almost all have holes or stains. You have to check the fabric yourself, because they won't do it for you when you go to have it measured. 

I'd say on average, most knits are between 1/2 yard to 3 yards in length that are in the pile of fabrics. The exception is the bins next to the knit piles, which typically have much smaller pieces of material and are usually irregularly shaped. I have found some great, super soft knits in these piles-think fabric that is used by James Perse, Ella Moss, Splendid...that's what these feel like. It requires a lot of digging to find usable amounts of material in the piles that are also hole- and stain-free, but it's worth it! Knits are only $1.99 a yard here, which is a phenomenal deal.

They sell other fabrics that would be used for costumes, tons of sparkly fabrics, plus fleece, upholstery fabrics (though they don't sell upholstery thread), and a bunch of threads in different levels of quality/quantity. They do sell needles but they are behind the register, and you order them by telling them which number you want from the "menu" of smallish items. 

BEFORE YOU PAY AT THE REGISTER, you MUST have your fabric measured at one of the cutting stations-even if you don't plan to have the material cut! They measure it to figure out how much you are getting, then they make you a receipt and hold your material behind the register. When you are ready to pay, simply walk up with your receipt to the register and they'll calculate the total from your receipt and bring you your bag of fabric. They take most credit cards so I don't need to have cash here (it seems like the type of place where it would be cash-only, but thankfully it is not).

Come here if you are prepared to spend time and effort finding the best and cheapest material around without all the glitz and glamour of a regular (i.e. chain) fabric store!
Beware. Run, do not walk from this restaurant. Never thought I'd say that about a restaurant, but the cook might be better as a garbage collector 'cause she did an excellent job scraping up the slimy gunk that might have formerly been lettuce on my club sandwich tonight. 

Any recommendations for food poisoning ERs?
Toyama is a fine Sushi restaurant that has been consistently excellent since it opened several years ago. This is the real deal, fresh, quality Japanese food made properly. Sushi is fresh and delicately cut and prepared unlike so many other restaurants which completely miss the importance of proper prep and proportion. This is REAL, QUALITY Japanese food and highlynrecommended
This is a hard to write review for me. My first visit of this restaurant was in 1999, and I have to say that it has seen better days.

Nothing has changed since 1999, the food was still good, the price is still decent, the decoration, plates and silverware remain unchanged/ renewed either. Oops, one thing did change, it went from a joint family restaurant to one family restaurant. With the slow down business, it's a husband and wife team for the entire place now. So, be prepared for the slowness and the lack of friendly services.  

I missed the weekly fresh seafood they used to have. Now they get fresh things about once a month if you are lucky.  I was once very loyal to this place and visit at least weekly if not more. But three bad experiences helped with this review and I will think twice before step in there ever again.

I ordered a rock fish once, and careful as I always am, I double checked the price with them and asked how much does the fish usually weight. We were charged double for the estimate they gave me when we got our bill. She told me it's $13.99 per lb and 3 lbs per fish. We were charged $19.99 per lb and 4.5 lbs for the fish. Though the fish was surely not big enough to fill two of us up, at least they corrected the price with a straight face. (And still charged for 4.5 lbs...) I felt cheated, especially being such a loyal customer for such a long time. The sign is even up on the wall, were they hoping to not have customer check their bills?

How long do you have to wait for a simple won ton soup?! That you ordered to go in advance?! On a one table dine-in slow night?? One hour!!! At least that's how long I waited. And I asked several times, I just kept on got brushed off with almost, almost. Eventually, she stopped responding to me and just walked away. Of all things, won ton soup!!!! It usually take no more than 10 min anywhere else! I was furious for the long wait and the neglect!

The last bad experience I had was when the husband and the wife (chef and the waitress) decided to have an open argument in the restaurant. Though we weren't the only table there, but it was uncomfortable for everyone there. Also, though I am not allergic to fresh shell fish, I am allergic to even pre frozen ones. That's just say the fresh shellfish we ordered that night (I saw them fish it out of the tank!!!) gave me terrible allergy reaction...

I don't know... I have to say I lost faith at this place now... But I surely do miss it's glorious past...
The location on Main St is now closed and moved to 63 N. Greenfield Rd. Ste 101
MESA, AZ 85205.

It is what it is - cheap pizza delivered.  It's one of the few places that delivers to my address and for that they get the 3rd star and a 4th star because they are always quick and friendly.  I'm not comparing the pizza to "good" pizza, but when I have a taste for greasy and salty pizza, Papa John's fills the need cheap and quick.  What more could I ask?
AWFUL AWFUL cellular service in AZ. I mjust switched from T mobile to At &T and BOT was that a stupid move. They are most unhelpful - I have dealt with them in the store, Customer service via phone and chat online and no one will help.... lousy phones lousy service. I have no texts for hours. I mget messages after a 2 hour to 24 hour delay. Ridicu;ous. If it is was not for IPHONE thises people would not be in buisness
Best selection of raw and dehydrated food around.  Very helpful personnel, friendly.  Will shop here each time I vacation here with my dog.
Their super nachos are amazing, AZ burrito is pretty good too. The night time lady that works there is super unfriendly, but I don't expect much from a place like that in terms of service. The food is always good, and always the same, which is what I depend on.
I'd give Fez 3.5 stars.

I went here a few weeks ago, guided by Yelp to try something new. The ambiance left something to be desired. It was so dark I could hardly see my hand in front of me, and since I already have bad eyesight, I really didn't like that. The view out the window is of a Kinko's (or maybe a FedEx?) across the street, which is quite an accomplishment, given how scenic downtown can be. It was just too trendy for its own good. 

I can't complain at all about the food I received - my mushroom/cheese burger was absolutely outstanding, and they accommodated my request for a lettuce wrap rather than a bun without blinking. My dinner companion reported that the pasta was nothing special.
This is by far my favorite Viatnamese place in town. I've been going there for about 10 years now, and love it every time. 

I often order takeout as well, and it's always ready lightning fast!

I have so many favorites, so it's difficult to make a recommendation. But the egg rolls (#1) are a must have! The spring rolls (#2) are also tasty if you're looking for something a little healthier.  For entrees, I love the chicken pho (#14) when I want something simple or the rice and egg noodle soups (#18 and #19?) when I'm looking for more variety. The noodle bowls are awesome as well--#28 is nice because they'll chop up egg rolls and put them right in your bowl. Yum! As a plus, prices for any of the above top out at around $6.95.

The only thing I wouldn't recommend is getting one of Saigon's few fusion dishes--teriyaki chicken, for example. Stick to a strictly Vietnamese dish.

I would score a 5/5 for sure except a friend of mine did get sick there once a few years ago. I haven't had it happen in 10 years, so it may be a fluke. Still, I figure it's good to know!
I called to order a calzone or calzone style sub and encountered one of the worst customer service experiences of my life.  Though I am sure Kaylin knew what I was trying to order (a pizza calzone special, I was looking at an older menu) she repeatedly acted confused and was rude and indignant.  I have been a longtime customer of this location and that is in serious jeopardy after this experience.  I was put on hold repeatedly, the total call was 7 1/2 minutes and I never ordered due to this treatment.  After the first hold I asked if I could talk to a manager as I thought the employee was new and was not understanding my order.  She informed me she was the only one there, no manager.  After the second or third hold (all the while I was trying to explain I wanted the calzone with pepperoni, ham, peppers, onions, sauce and cheese) I asked her about the manager again, she again responded there was no manager.  I had to ask if there was EVER a manager in the store and what his name was.  She finally told me it was Jose.

The message above is what I sent to Hungry Howies corporate headquarters and I requested that they contact me regarding the issue (it's an option on their complaint form).  That was four weeks ago and I haven't heard from them at all.  Clearly the company does not care about customer service.
Anytime i have a delay in the PHX airport, I trek over to the B gates to get some Cowboy C.  The stetson salad is very good with a generous portion of salmon, and the open face steak sandwich is steakhouse goodness on a bun.  

The bread pudding is excellent with the right amount of sweet and a surprise bit of heat from some pepper flakes in the sauce.

Definitely ask for TJ if it is your first time in.  He will guide you based upon what you like and wont steer you wrong.  In addition, they can get you in and out quickly if you are pressed for time.
I just ate a pepperoni & black olive pizza, you can taste the quality of the ingredients. I am defiantly getting another!
Food is good, but since they slice and then make each sandwich to order, be ready to wait.  If you're on a short lunch...go elsewhere

Wife ordered a steak sandwich with peppers, onions and mushrooms.  The combination made the sandwich like a bowl of soup.
Great gluten-free choices and like the new menu options!  Our server Patrick was great!!
MFV has a change of owners and name. Was purchased by Zen's Cafe and now operates under that name.  Was a regular at MFV.  Have only been there once since Zen's took it over.  I want to be fair, but it's just not the same. The fish fry is a different recipe and not as good as it used to be.
The atmosphere and ambience is what makes it enjoyable. Traditional Mexican/American food, nothing to brag about except that it beats anything at the mall! The guacamole tostada is one of my favorites. If weather permits definitely worth eating outside.
Freaking love Port of Subs. It's all about numbers 5 and 8.
Decent Mexican. The margaritas were good but a little pricey being a probably mix.
Not only is the carne asada amazing their refried beans are perfect.  I am sure they loaded with fat, but they taste great and their bean and cheese burrito is super tasty.  We usually get it togo, but if you stay to eat they only have cans or bottles for beverages so beware.
Loved the food (had the thai pizza, so yum!), and prices during happy hour on beverages, but hated the service. My friends were there maybe 15 min ahead of us and had asked for water 3 times with out receiving any. I had to ask twice before receiving any water. I'm usually not too harsh on servers but i just started to feel rude for having to ask for things, which should not be the case. We also ordered pizzas and it really took a LONG time for the pizza to come out, not sure if it was our slow server or a busy night but either way, it took a long while.
good solid Outback, for outback I rate it five stars! Great staff :)
Absolutely terrible. A few of the employees are SO rude and unprofessional - especially the lady who answers the phones (has an Australian accent.) I've honestly never had someone talk down to me the way this girl has.. and I'm really not all that difficult. The services are no greater than average.

The owner was very kind when I spoke to her and Marie is the best one there but I'm pretty sure moved out of the state once I did...

I'm sure there are better places in AZ.
A friend suggested Sakana as being a perfectly good sushi restaurant in the area.  Given that she is a fellow So. Californian, I figured she might be on to something.  Pleasantly, she was!  The place was busy when we arrived and we had to wait 20 mins for a table.  However, as soon as we sat to wait, the hostess asked us if we would like a drink.  Of course we would!  It certainly helped the wait time pass. 
We were seated at a comfortable table and immediately offerred drinks and/or $.50 appetizers.....$.50 appetizers?!?  We ordered two; scallop poppers and spring rolls.  Both were pretty good for $.50.  We then ordered two rolls, the eel and a jalapeno boat (tuna, avocado, tempura type) - both were fantastic!  Sushi - albacore & spicy scallops...again really delicious.  The albacore was like butter.  It was cold and refreshing.  Then we had the yellowtail sashimi - a true test of a good sushi restaurant - and it was absolutely fabulous.  We finished with a standard spicy tuna toll and it was great.  The fish tasted pretty fresh and that was impressive.  Im not joking - I was really impressed.  The best part is that the prices are fantastic and incredibly reasonable.  
Our check and sugar/water drenched oranges were delivered promptly after our meal and we left happy and excited to have found a good sush place in AZ!
The best, I could eat here everyday!
My wife and I would like to thank you for the fantastic job your company did installing the new carpet in our home. We were thrilled with the entire process. Everything from the product selection, installation and clean up went perfectly. The installers were polite and really took extra care moving and replacing our furniture. On top of all that, the new carpet looks spectacular. If you ever want another customer to see how our Tuftex 'Heat Wave' looks installed, they are welcome to visit our home.
Went there for our first time. Service was poor, wine list not that great and general cleanliness of the place was poor. The servers were eating food behind the bar  and then touching the glasses. Later in the evening I saw a cockroach crawling across the floor. I pointed it out to a friend and it grossed her out so much we left... Won't be back..there's so many other places that are way cleaner and have better service!!
My family and I went in for lunch. Good food, nice lunch prices. Loved the ambiance. Our waitress was very attentive and the food arrived quickly. the sourdough bread was really tasty. We will return again.
Third time is definitely a charm. 

First time: I had a gift certificate, tried the panini and an awesome selection of red wine I can't remember. After hearing so many great things about Postino, I was quite disappointed that night. My panini was just.   Yup. just. 

Second time: I came here with a friend and it was his first time. Since it was our 3rd stop for happy hour that night, it was a bit hazy. 

Third time: I decided to try this place again with my brother and my sorority sister who needed a ride to the airport. We did the bruschetta, and bottle of wine for $20, and it more than made up for my first experience here. The Grayson was such a good cabernet selection. My brother even bought another bottle to take home for our dad's birthday. It's also $9 off any bottle you buy to take home. We ordered our board of 4 bruschetta, and although they made a mistake on two, they made it up to us by bringing out the original two we ordered, so we tried 6 different bruschettas. They were all different, ranging from sweet to savory, but none of them were bad. 

The service here is really awesome, and it's consistently good. I can't wait to come back to try the other bruschetta flavors!
perfect way to start my day ....ANY DAY !  as FRESH as it can get for breakfast,  staff is awesome, !  quick efficient expedited service by Blair , who is always on target !  Freshness is key here.. although packed for breakfast , no matter what day of the week it is, the staff gets it right and with a smile !  FRESH coffee FRESH Juice  FRESH Pastries.... need anything else ?  nope , just another visit to Le Grande Orange !
Okay, so at one point in time I would have been happy to say Garcia's was a good place to eat. Not anymore. It is probably the worst place, ever. Let me tell you of my experience and their horrible service at this place...

We were at Arizona Mills and were starving.  We passed up Rainforest Café as the wait was long and Garcia's was no waiting.  Now I know why..

We were seated almost immediately. Now keep in mind I have eaten at Garcia's in the past (years ago) and was pleased.  The first thing I notice is our waiter looks like a McDonalds reject- his grammar is horrid and he mumbles almost constantly.  There is nothing pleasant about this guy. I order a beer and fish tacos.  

After over 20 minutes, my beer shows up, and is sloshed all over the table.  Okay- no big deal. I wait, and wait, and wait... Finally, my fish tacos show up- or, wait- what is this? He gives me the plate of food and leaves.  I sit, staring in amazement wondering why my fish tacos look so funny. I look at my plate, wave to get his attention and when he finally has time for me he comes over.  I tell him "Hey, I don't know what this is, but I ordered fish tacos!" His reply? Get ready- I've never, ever in my life heard this one. My waiter, the guy who is supposed to make my eating experience here WONDERFUL says "The guy who got your tacos isn't complaining", of course I chuckle thinking he is joking when indeed I realize he is NOT.  He points across the room to the guy who received my tacos and seemed to have no issue with it. I tell him I do not want the mess in front of me, but the fish tacos. I am surprised he didn't go get the half eaten ones from the other guy.

I get my fish tacos, they were disgusting. Poor quality, poor taste, poor everything.  I get the ticket, to see not only was I charged for the Steak and enchilada sauce (or whatever it was) but for the TWO plates of fish tacos! WOW! All I got from this restaurant, was a very bitter taste in my mouth!
Let's get one thing aired out first: I was here on business. I would not normally be able to afford such a nice place (much less without the generous discount given to conference attendants like myself). That said, if you can afford it, I highly recommend.

The hotel is amazing. The grounds are gorgeously serene, the rooms are clean and comfortable, and the staff are impressively helpful without feeling pushy.

Some of the nitty-gritty: 
* It costs to use the gym, either on a daily pass or you can pay one sum for your full stay. 
* There is only wired internet in the rooms, which also requires payment. If you still need internet access, there's free wifi in the lobby areas, or computers at no cost to guests.
* Water supplied to the hotel comes from the nearby Gila River Indian Community state of the art water treatment plant, and it tastes FANTASTIC. Don't you dare buy bottled water while you're here. Fill up from the tap!
Went to the cinema for the first time in 2 years to watch Moonrise Kingdom. It was full so we had to pick an alternate and we made a bad choice, People Like Us, which was rubbish. At the beginning of the show during the previews there was no picture at all, and there was nobody there to ask for help. The picture finally came on at the beginning of the film. Diane stayed to the bitter end, I went to Yardhouse to reflect and promise myself never to go to the movies again!
I usually try to shy away from 7 days cause I think it's over priced butttt it was one if the only nail salons open today (new years).
I have no Clue why people this this place was good. It was bearable at best.  The food was not awful, but not anything to jump up and brag about either.. The Store is interesting and I suggest you look through and browse.
This was a cute little wine bar that I'm very glad I found thanks to Yelp! It was a Thursday night and there was a decent amount of people outside in the patio area. I was glad that I had made a reservation in advance because it was awesome going right to our table for 10 girls without a wait of any hassle! the staff was extremely helpful (and we all agreed they were super cute). The weather was nice outside and although it got colder as the night crept in, they had a huge fire pit and gas powered heaters scattered throughout. The live music was wonderful and the musician was funny and took requests. He even allowed our friend Ricki to perform her original song! It was awesome! We ate a bunch of appetizers like salmon bruschetta, chicken wings, escargot, and spinach dip I think it was. The flatbreads were great too! They have a great selection of wine, we stayed for hours getting tipsy in a classy manner, it was after all my sister's last night as a single lady!
Went here for restaurant week and it was phenomenal! Service was great and food was delicious! 
Apps -
Frog legs - simply mind blowing. Can I get a larger bucket please?
Grilled octopus - so tender it melts in your mouth. Some of the best I've ever had
King crab jar - large jar of king crab and butter what's not to like about it? It is pricey but worth the splurge. Only complaint is the jar is top heavy so be careful because it gets messy when you spill. 

Entrees
Albacore tuna - very tasty and creative. Wanted/needed more of the steak sauce
Fish and Chips - HUGE portion of perfectly crispy fish! It was the favorite. 
Bouillabaisse - perfectly cooked seafood in a delicious broth. No complaints here! 

Dessert
Buttermilk pie - So GOOD makes you want to smack your mama. 
Donuts - I could eat these donuts on a daily basis with that caramel apple butter. AND they give you the entire donut (donut and hole). 

I will definitely be putting this place on the restaurant rotation!
One of the only places in Phoenix to get a pour over, and dang, it's good. Also a fan of their rotating iced teas in the summer. Don't pass up on the Jasmine iced tea. I've never gotten any grief after parking at the CVS. And the wifi is good, but don't expect any cell service. Also! They always have great music on.
Great consistent service and food for years! The gyro special is great and good fries everytime I go!
My all time favorite thing to do lately... make sure you go to a movie in the cinema suites where there are leather lazy -boy recliners, full food and beverage service, and you can call the waiter with the push of a button. I have been here probably 15 times and always had a great experience!
Walking in I felt like a kid in a delicious adult candy store! Although I've seen most of the beers before there were definitely a few new and interesting ones. They had  nice little selection of Utah beers, which are great if you've never had the pleasure. We bought some Flagstaff Lumberyard IPA, Abita Pecan Harvest, and a Bear Republic IPA. 

Now on to the good part: the downstairs! The setting is perfect. The beer selection is perfect. The prices are even pretty damn good. There was nothing on tap too tempting to me that night so I spent the night back and forth to the fridge choosing  bottles and presenting them to Frank, the awesome bartender. The bartender will open your beer and pour it into a glass. 

Overall, one of the best ways I can think of to spend a Saturday night. Cool people too, but the crowd was really small. As in, me, my husband, and two other couples. However, with  bartender as awesome as ours, you definitely don't need a crowd to keep you happy!
Mastro's serves up the best steak in Scottsdale.  They also offer delicious seafood and excellent side dishes.  Prices are steep. After 10pm this place becomes a pick up joint for gold digging women seeking sugar daddy's.
I don't know what it is with people complaining about the cleanliness of the water at TTL. I work at (on) the lake coaching. The water quality is continuously tested by SRP because of the number of events & activities at the lake that involve swimming or getting wet. Splash & Dash, triathlons, stand-up-paddleboard & rowing (people fall in every once in awhile). They also have to keep it clean enough that the fish don't all die when they stock it. Thanks to the lake we have a lot more activities available to us: kayaking, SUP, rowing, dragon boating, outrigger canoe, fishing, boat rentals. I love the lake and would not be able to stand living in the desert without it!
Love love love love love!!! $23.00 for 3 drinks and 2 of their awesome "bowls" at the bar! We ordered the FEZ fondue and the Gyro bowl. I was overwhelmed by all of the flavors of the Gyro bowl. That is probably one of the best things I've eaten in 2011! The drink of the evening was the G-Spot...some fruity red grapefruit concoction that was just spectacular. It was only $3 so we went for it. It was so so good!

The restaurant itself is ultra-modern, in what seemed to be a somewhat odd location but I don't know Phoenix that well, so I can't confirm that. 

The service was spectacular and people watching was equally impressive. Great great restaurant. I highly recommend it!!!
My sister suggested I try this place as I had a headlight out.  The owner, Khaled, stopped what he was doing, checked out my headlight, put in a new one and didn't even charge me!!!!  I also ordered a new glove box and will be back to have that put in.  I only experienced, timely and professional service and for them not to charge for the light change was over the top.  This is my new place for car service.
On the journey from Boca Raton, FL to San Jose, CA, I thought I'd be able to find some fry bread along the highway at some random stand or truck stop, but no luck.  I have only had fry bread once before, on a meandering cross-country alcohol and testosterone infused college spring break with some buddies.  One of them knew about fry bread and not only did we have some, but we got a recipe for it!  (long since lost, and never tried, but such is the folly of youth)

Haven't had any since college, so thought I'd get it while the gettings good (i.e. while crossing through states like NM and AZ which I never do).  I am no connoisseur of the bread, though it's good and greasy.  Cripsy too, which was my favourite part.  I had the bread as part of the House special, choosing the green chile stew.  I have been out of Texas and the southwest, so I was pleasantly surprised that the thing was actually spicy!  A perfect complement to the fry bread.

It was very good. I'm not saying it's a must-do in Phoenix, but it does fit along the lines of SW comfort food, while at the same time likely different from most food to which you are accustomed.  On a cold day (night) it would be a perfect dish.
Yay, even though I miss living in Coronado I am glad to be back at the Melrose America's.  If you have read any of my reviews you know how disappointed I was with Coronado America's rude service that I boycotted that particular location.  

Now that I am back around Melrose I can once again enjoy Happy Hour Tacos and drinks, or their delicious breakfast burro and cochata.  If 7th St let you down try 7th Ave.
I stayed here for Christmas and this place put on, HANDS DOWN, the most beautiful, amazing, fantastic, spectacular, dreamlike spectacle of a holiday meal. 
This was unlike anything I had ever seen before, it was incredible!!! It was basically a mile long all you can eat buffet. ALL the food was TOP NOTCH and they variety was endless. There were so many tasty things I wanted to eat.. but my stomach just isn't big enough :(

The room was beautiful. 

They have GREAT POOLS.

Only 4/5 stars because, for guests staying at this hotel there is a daily spa use fee. My family and I have stayed at other Hyatt spas and the steam room, hot tubs, showers, and other spa amenities were included in our stay. I have grown accustomed to this and was outraged and upset to discover the charge.
Great dessert. All kinds of things to throw a wrench in your nutrition plan. I try staying with the Dark chocolate. They also have doggie options too.
the nails look great. the people are nice. but omg no scrub barely any lotion water not that hot TOTALLY overcharged me 50 dollar pedicure because they added 20 bucks for french and design.....ADDED to the 32 dollars. i was so disappointed. they also didnt use a scrub and the place smelt like horrible nailpolish and my nails smelt bad, no nice lotions or scrubs or ANYTHING!!!!!! but it was clean that was my biggest criteria.

Just realized they overcharged me here on the bill. DO NOT EVER GO HERE THEY SUCK AND I CANT GO COMPLAIN BECAUSE I DONT LIVE in the area so I am really mad.
Stuart Fixed up my wife and showed extreme patience in the process. Great luggage reasonable prices easy easy easy
Quaint store. Very very friendly. Clean. Mist spray if you choose to sit outside. The aroma of coffee when you enter is pleasant and not overwhelming. 
So I finally strayed from my norm of strawberries and cream. I tried the orange mango smoothies. Wonderful! You could taste the banana, the orange and the mango. Simply mouth pleasing! I absolutely will have this again.
I have always enjoyed the variety of flavors of coffee, now I have found other flavors!
This is one of my favorites places to chow down in Arizona. It's an oasis of refreshing Italian food with hearty portions that won't break the bank - although they may break your belt! Most everything on the menu is extremely palatable from the salads to the sandwiches...but they do some mean pasta and pizzas. I'm a huge fan of the Big Rig pasta. And of course, they are known for their melt in your mouth dessert, the pizza cookie (aka pizzookie). Save room for this bad boy, because no Oregano's meal is complete without it.

The ambiance is really casual but fun, and the staff is really friendly. My fav location is the one in Tempe. It really is a place with "Menu can trust."
In theory I love Rose & Crown: Good people, good beer, good location, etc. 

But sometimes they fail the service test, albeit unintentionally, due to staff and space challenges.

When it's not packed and I can enjoy steady service from the pool room or out on the porch, life is just about perfect. However, if I'm jammed inside with 100 other people vying for the same bartender's attention, I kinda want to take my ball and go home.

So when you go to Rose & Crown, which I enthusiastically suggest you do, temper your expectations based on how busy it is. 

All that said the food is dependable, the beer selection is legit, and it's an ideal place to check out a weekend soccer match or even Sunday NFL football.
This is the restaurant that seperates Sam Fox from a restaurant design thief, and places him into a new category.  I loved the Kierland location for years, but the 67th ave locale has a mind, and a charm of its own.
Highly rec you visit, the bartenders are cool, and the chopped chxn salad for lunch is still the best in the world....
This place is AWESOME. It's easy to miss and easy to ignore but once you venture in you'll be hooked for life. Parking is scarce during busy times and seating is limited inside, but it's well worth the wait. I regret I never had a chance to make one last visit before I moved out of Arizona.

Love the fries, love the mystery cheese goo they put on their hot dogs, and of course, love the sliders. Better than White Castle and definitely better than that rip off place we have here in Orlando called Krystal.
I can't make any arguments for atmosphere, nor would I compare this to a J Alexanders or other higher-level chain, but I got a decent lunch here for $7. 

I try not to eat salads in public because it is a frightening site; i basically fill a bucket with salad ingredients and stick my face in. Only my closest friends and relatives have seen me eat a real salad. god help them. Anyway, I tried not to be a complete disaster at Souper Salad, but it was hard. The salad bar is pretty extensive with vegetarian friendly garbanzo beans and just about every vegetable i've ever seen. (ooh they didn't have jicama, and they should.) 

After I piled up a plate of leafy and non leafy greens I headed to the soup area where Souper Salad very responsibly lists all the ingredients in their soups, especially noting the vegetarian friendly options. I went for the lentil soup and was not disappointed. some lentil soups are no more than lentils floating in warm water, but this was flavorful. There are also hot baked potatoes, macaroni and cheese and other homey food offerings for Souper Salad diners. I made off with a tiny cheese roll. 

There are also some dessert options like soft serve ice cream or chocolate pudding and fresh fruit. Nothing wrong with that!
CLOSED!!  sad to see it go.
Good weekday spot because it isn't crowded with younger folks looking for that late morning breakfast.  Food here is average as far as IHOPs go and frankly I'm looking for another location to be my go-to spot.  Scrambled eggs often browned on the bottom.  Pancakes undercooked.  Service is polite & attentive on my visits though, and the parking is generous.
The ever climbing prices and dissapearing grillied onions have casued me to not visit here as much.

Luckily the light rail constrtion is a thing of the past and one can esialy approce this location.

The line to order inside can be a bit akward as there is not much room for it.

On my last trip I went with the grilled veggie burrito as the cheaper bean and cheese burrito now only exists in my memories. It comes with a few chips.

I do enjoy the salsa bar that has sweet and savory salsas cilantro and little peppers.

The food is decent but for a $7 lunch there are cheaper better Mexican options out there.
We now have a favorite mechanic shop!  Had an oil pressure problem in our truck, took it to them and they even found the exhaust leak problem which we knew we had, but Midway Chevrolet and another mechanic said we didn't have!

I love Jeff and the guys at Curt's.  They are an honest group and they have not made me feel as if they are out to nickel and dime us.  

Great place!
There are so many great Thai places in my neighborhood and this one can be added to the list. 
I went during their opening week and they had a screaming deal for a huge lunch special. It cost 7 bucks and some change and included a free drink. I stuck with my standard chicken pad thai and it was a treat. It wasn't very spicy and they didn't ask how spicy I wanted it, maybe I should have offered that information because the spicier the better for me.
The interior is small and I would describe it as intimate. Well lit, well decorated, clean. I was politely greeted and served quickly. Definitely a place I'll be back to with more frequency.
Great Burros, interesting creations and all at a good price.
My family and I had a terrible dim sum experience at China Chan on a Thursday afternoon. They were out of practically everything we ordered and what we did end up with was sub-par at best. The service was terrible and to tell you the truth, for what we got this place is overpriced.

Here is a list of what we managed to sample: steamed shrimp & beef rice rolls, shrimp dumplings, bean curd rolls, chinese broccoli with oyster sauce, sweet white sponge cake, egg tarts, cocktail buns, and fried sesame balls. All of these items ranged from barely edible to barely acceptable.

Perhaps China Chan does better on the weekends when there is more dim sum traffic and the food is fresher, but I wouldn't choose to come back here. Out of the 3 dim sum restaurants I have tried in PHX, this one ranks dead last for every reason.
There having an aloha festival here today, Great Hawaiian food, real Leis for sale (orchids)
This was the only course with available tee times on a Saturday morning, so my buddies and I in from out of town tried it out. 

The course was in terrible shape, it was really slow, the surrounding houses were full of yelling people and barking dogs, and there was even a kid riding his bike in the middle of the 9th fairway. 

I gave it a generous two stars because it was pretty cheap, and I guess you get what you pay for.
We decided to try this place after reading a good review about it in the New Times.  I would actually give this place atleast 3.5 stars but it doesn't give me that option.  Anyway, I agree with one of the other posters that this place seems kind of shady when you drive past it but don't judge a book by its cover.  The inside is a throwback to Chinese restaurants of the 70's...dimly-lit, plush-covered booths, stuffed birds in the window..you'll know what i'm talking about when you go inside.  Anyway the service was good and the food was just ok.  The lo mein had good flavor but was a bit greasy.  I think I just ordered the wrong thing, so we're going to give this place another chance.
The food was excellent.  Nice selection of food.  I truly enjoyed the atmosphere.   Additionally the staff were very polite and around frequently enough to provide great service.
The dose is in my hood!
"What were they thinking?" is exactly what I thought. A friend and I visited this location today thinking we were going to PeiWei. Apparently, it is now a PeiWei Market. I knew something was up right away when we walked in. Not only was the decor totally different (looked like the food court at the mall), but there was nobody in there. Used to be difficult to even find a parking space. Not any more. I order my food and she asks me what size I want. I should have left then. Instead, I played along and ordered my food. $12.35 later, my number was yelled by the zit faced teenagers that work at this place, and I picked up my food. Looked like a damn lean cuisine, only not as good. It was served in the same plastic container and was about the same size. Everything is now served on to-go plastic, whether you are eating it there or not. Plastic tray, plastic dish, plastic fork, plastic cups. 

The most amusing part was to watch people walk in and order. When they received their food, they had this bewildered look on there face, like what the hell is this? Where am I? Everyone around us was not happy. Rather than convert an existing store, they should have just built a new one. Anyone who ate at PeiWei before, will surely not like the new changes. This concept will fail. 

Anyone who is considering PeiWei Market, save your money. Stay home and fix yourself a lean cuisine. Your wallet and palette will thank you.
This is the only place I can get my favorite beer on tap, Tripel Karmeliet from Belgium.  They also have a good selection of local beers and just a good variety on tap overall.  The food is very good for bar food and I can easily overeat my way through their menu, especially during happy hour.

They have a separate gluten free menu.  I do not eat diary and they are very accommodating to leaving off any items on request.
Simply amazing and completely fitting for a 500th review.  

I don't know that a more lengthy first sentence can do it any better. I'll spare you from the I went to Spain bullcrap, but I do know good Spanish dining on several different levels and Sol y Sombra overdelivers like a good night in the sack, and to help others this is completely worth the 30 mile drive north for Central Phoenix dwellers. 

If you walk away from this review with two tidbits, just know that the Tortilla Espanola (while basic-sounding and all) is the best $5 you will spend on a dinner. EVER.  With its huge impressive wedge appearance, it is more deliciously prepared and more filling than expected.  Also know that the wine list is lengthy and very comprehensive, but in an excellent way.  While I love Lola Tapas in Central Phoenix for its urban and sophisticated simplicity, this is one area in which it can't compete.

While the evening was more delightful because of our mailing-list 50-percent-off skillz, it should be even more noteworthy that such a thing is possible if you get off your duffs and give a brotha your email. 

Among other highlights would be the Pollo Colonial (a savory mix of sweet and spicy chicken curry), Grilled Calamari, Spicy Garlic Aioli Grilled Prawns, Grilled Asparagus.  But the most surprising of the night were the grilled brussel sprouts.  WTF?  I don't even like that shit.  But they grilled them with garlic, olive oil and seasoning, and if you do it that way it is ten times better than any veggie a teen would hate.  The Patatas Brava were just ok.  I still ate them, but they were a little more crispy than I care for.

The setting was impressive.  The dining room is grand, stylish and luxe in its understated way -- so symbolic of Madrid.  The layout and colors are complementary, trendy and tasteful all at once.  The patio is incredible if you can swing it.  There is not a bad seat in the house as the views from the second floor at DC Ranch are all great.

The host was accommodating given we were 10 minutes late (and called ahead) and the servers and sommelier were definitely helpful and steered us toward the right white wine we wanted for taste and value without trying to do the whole upselling crap.  The wine was excellent and was so fragrant and inviting that Melissa's purse had to have a taste.

Sol y Sombra is a definite five star destination restaurant that is worth it if you're coming from Central Phoenix, West Valley or SE Valley.
The Phoenix Premium Outlets are new and have much improving to do. The store selection is still quite limited with many shoe stores but not much else. The food court is extremely sad with only one Chinese place, a Subway and recently a Greenworks salad shop and also a Villa pizza. The parking as others have stated is horrible, not many places to park and the entrance to the outlets is confusing. There are many shops that have yet to open and hopefully they will continue to expand. I think that the deals at some of the outlets are pretty good in comparison to Chandler Fashion Center and I would give Phoenix Premium a shot especially if you are looking for sports apparel or athletic shoes. Overall it's still new and could stand to make a few improvements but it is a nice new place to shop in Chandler.
This is my favorite sushi in the valley! I have been coming to Shogun since I was a kid and it is delicious. The portions are large, the quality is excellent. I love all the chef's, but Alex is our favorite! We just tell him to go for it, and we eat whatever he puts in front of us. He has never ceased to amaze us. Shogun rocks! Try the surfer roll if you're hungry; you won't be disappointed!
We went to The Good Egg for breakfast on Mother's Day because other restaurants seemed to have a longer wait. (I know.  That was an inauspicious beginning.)  Actually, I had heard Good things about The Egg and so I was interested in how I would like it.  

The wait was reasonable for a Sunday morning - about 10 minutes - and the hostesses were pleasant.  I was surprised and happy to see that all menu items came with calories listed.  Since I was going out again to eat later, I decided to try an egg white omelet with turkey, mushrooms, onions, and spinach.  It came with fruit and a bialy.  It was delicious!  Naturally, I would have rather had French Toast or something else that had 1800 calories, but I was happy and satisfied with my healthy meal.  My husband ordered the special which was a skillet with ham, cheese, mushrooms, and onions.  He got fruit instead of potatoes and declared it to be delicious.  The service was quick and efficient and the environment was pleasant.  

The price is reasonable.  We'll be back.
SOOOOO delicious!! I got the veggie stack and fell in love! The quinoa was soo flavorful and everything went together so well! My boyfriend got the Fish Sandwich and that was super yummy as well!! 

We were in town for a wedding and tried this place out and were so sad that we can't be regulars because we live so far away in CA!!
Service was unbelievable.  Veggie burger and sweet potato tots were so good.  We would go back again!
The machines are really old and about a quarter of the ones up stairs were out of service. It looks like they are shutting down for a day in July- so hopefully the renovations include new equipment.
I by chance stopped here while in my stay in Arizona.
As you can see I live in Los Angeles where smoking lounges are a rare find.
I was so delighted with Cubano's.You can tell alot of love is paid in the attention and care.
Friendly staff and a great selection of all your favorite cigars.

Great source for a gift as well they have a very nice selection of cutters and lighters.
The establishment is very clean and well filtered along with lots of leather seating with couches and classy wing back chairs.

They host NFL games (or anything you want to watch) with plenty of tv's to watch the game of your choosing.

Cubano's also has a seperate area for your private card games.
It's just simply a very cool spot.

The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is because this place isn't in LA.
ORIGINAL REVIEW 9/15/2011: As with most XBox360's... despite how you treat them... they will get a RROD sometime. You can either throw it away, sell it for parts, sell it for cheap on eBay or just get it repaired.

I chose to take my 360 Elite into Andrew to get it repaired.

LOCATION: Now, the location is inside the Armor Deck building. Once entering you will see a sign that points you down the hallway. His office is the first on the right.

OFFICE: Now, if you are expecting some sort of Best Buy counter, you are mistaken. Andrew is just a gamer that likes to repair stuff in his free time. His office, as I told him, looked like an XBOX and PS3 graveyard. I asked him why he had all of them and he said they were mainly from people who tried to repair it themselves, but failed miserably and thus destroyed his chance at actually repairing them - so the people just left them. Moral of the story - get it repaired correctly.

WORK: I just got my Xbox back but Andrew gives a 30 day warranty with any of his 1/2/3 RROD repairs. Not the best, as I've seen 90 day warranties... but whatever. Only time will tell if his work is up to snuff which in that case I will update my review.

At the time of this review this was the price list:
0 RROD @ $40
1 RROD @ $40
2 RROD @ $40
3 RROD @ $40
DVD Drive issues @ $60
If he can't fix it... you don't pay.

HOURS: Monday - Saturday, 10:00-18:00. Call and make an appointment so you can have his 1hr turnaround time.

RATING: 4 stars over 5 stars because it would have been nicer to see a 90 day over a 30 day warranty.
Best pizza in Wickenburg
Awesome atmosphere cant best happy hour all day on Mondays..
Looking out at the phoenix megalopolis this phoenix home has been transformed into an oasis near down town.

Its 1940s style gentrified house into a great watering hole and more.
Sorta reminds me of the lost leaf wood floors and outside patio n such.
Many draft beers to choose from a perfect place to come to for a few drinks and a gourmet style soup , salad sandwich ..
and even a all beef hot dog which may make you reconsider your life decision of not eating them.
I saw a range of people there from fixed gear tattoo covered hip-sters to people my parents age drinking the Merlot and getting into the mini van after.

The music was some ones very eclectic down tempo electronic chill mix peppered with an assortment of emo ish / mild hip hop rap stuff.. 
I guess further reinforcing my hypothesis that there indeed may be, some thing for everything here.

We had a range of things from a house made salsa to a meat and cheese dish for appetizers. After 4 beers two hours a basketball game and some salsa I think it was round a 20 spot.
Nice.
They got a bar.. I guess.. Real limited to what you can order. Plasma TV for all you sports junkies. Certainly a good vibe'd spot to hang out.
Certainly a stop next pub crawl I embark on that direction.
I've been to Hail Mary's on Priest for lunch several ties, and I've been there for Happy Hour more times than I can count, since I used to wok nearby at University of Phoenix.  The food is not bad, and it's worth the low prices on the menu, no question.  I did not care for the spinach dip I ordered, as it was very watery.  Other than that, no complaints on the food.  The drinks though are watered down and neither refreshing nor tasty - that goes for the soft drinks and the booze.   I try to keep an open mind; I keep going back when my Iowa friends invite me, since they say the place is "Iowa friendly."  I'm not from Iowa, but I love those guys, so I show my support and tag along.  Granted, I only paid $10 for thee vodka tonics, but they were really yucky vodka tonics that somehow tasted sweet.  It's not unbearable, but I'd advise ordering beer here and not cocktails.
Just to punish myself, I returned and ordered another burger at the Scottsdale Road location.  The Swiss and Mushroom burger was just as blah as the first one.  There is nothing special about the meat, and the temperature was wrong on all three of the burgers my party ordered.  Service was great.  Very noisy.  Appetizers were good.  I am just surprised this place can do a decent hamburger.
I enjoyed this place when it was Chinese Gourmet Buffet, but for the last few years it was had been overdue for a remodel, so when the fancy new Lin's Buffet opened nearby in December '10 they vacuumed away too much of the business from this one for it to keep going successfully, even though the food was good.  It closed, then reopened briefly last year, then closed again.

Now China City has opened here, & I had the pleasure of being their first customer ever, joined by Norm R.     :-))

The floor plan is the same as it as before, but the place has been completely redone inside & it's very tastefully decorated & comfortable.  For their startup today they were featuring a big 140 main food choices & I started with my usual, Hot & Sour Soup, which was excellent.  In fact, all the food was great here, so I'll just mention a few of my very favorites:

The awesome Broccoli Salad, the good selection of delicious Sushi, terrific Ceviché featuring BIG shrimp, great broiled fish, fried chicken, seaweed, stuffed Jalapeños, Beef Shish Kabob, BBQ Pork Ribs, Honey Chicken, Bacon Wrapped Shrimp, stuffed shrimp, & more...  all of these were SUPER GOOD!

These guys managed to bring back Master Mongolian BBQ Chef "Alex" who helped make the former Chinese Gourmet Buffet here special.  He really cooks at the top of his craft, & there were 4 tasty meat choices.  Yum!

Besides the excellent food, the whole staff was friendly, the table service was just right, & they got off to a very smooth start here on their very first day in business, so it's a BIG 5 STARS for this brand new Buffet!!     :-))

Monday through Saturday Lunch Buffet $6.99/$6.30 Sr.
Probably the best Chinese take out in Phoenix. Not saying much. I've tried a lot around here and this is the closest to how I remember Chinese food as a kid. Still not that great. Has a lot of the same problems most of the places around here have. Doesn't taste fresh, poor quality and cuts of meat. If you get white breast chicken, it isn't SO bad, but just normal is nearly inedible. Everything tastes too greasy for me. 

(What happened to all the GOOD Chinese take out? I don't remember it all being this bad when I was younger.)

But again, this place is the best of the worst. Staff is friendly, food is ok if you get that craving, restaurant seems pretty clean and you get pretty generous portions. Check it out.
This place is more wonderful than expected.

Dinosaur bones, minerals, space science, Arizona history and science.

It is definitely worth the drive to Mesa : )
We were at IHOP for Easter breakfast because our big plan for going to Matt's Big Breakfast was squashed when we drove by and discovered that they were closed that day. So, a little disappointed, we turned around and hit the IHOP on Central that we had passed 5 minutes before. We already knew the quality of the food would be fine, as all IHOPs are fairly consistent. But what impressed us was the friendliness and happiness of the staff that morning. We walked in and were cheerfully greeted by Anita at the front register. She looked around and seeing all the staff was busy, she bussed a table for us and sat us immediately. We were impressed right there. Then we were served by Kamal, who was super friendly, attentive and in a great mood. But it wasn't just the 2 people we had direct contact with. Must have been the Easter spirit or something, but the whole staff seemed to have smiles on their faces while we were there. We kept noticing and commenting to each other how odd it was to see happy restaurant staff (how sad is that?) I can't remember the last time my boyfriend and I went out for a meal and called the manager over to tell her that we were thrilled with the service. On a $22 check, we left $35. Well worth it.
Stopped in for a  Bagel-Dog. They had only one on the shelf. Looked as if it had been pre-cooked once or twice. After asking if there were any others, I was told, "Nope. That's it."
So I left it and walked out. So much for my Bagel-Dog.
It will be a long time before I go into that place again.
On a recent trip to AZ, I came to this Slices for the first time in YEARS after going to the bars on Mill for the first time in YEARS. When I was younger I made the usual late night drunken stops here, but my family even used to get carryout here (when we weren't drunk) because the pizza is pretty decent anyway you look at it. It's not the best out there, but decent enough. 

There's not really much to say about the place. It's small, there's always several varieties available by the slice, and it's cheap. The main reason I'm bumping this place from three to four stars is because, like I said, the pizza isn't that bad even when you're sober. It is better when you're drunk though...
Great place. Very friendly and knowledgeable.  Easy to schedule appointments 6 days a week. You don't have to worry about different people working on you, as it is owner operated.
Outstanding! 10 Stars in my book!
Mike has done a great job taking care of my lawn in N. Central Phoenix over the past year or so. Highly recommended.
Good coffee, not as good as Starbucks, in my opinion, and certainly nowhere near Ibis coffee. But the staff is friendly and it's a great place to work on my novels and people watch.
Tubing the river is one of the best things to do on a very hot summer day with a group of friends.

I had been putting off this review for a while because I didn't know how to describe this experience. 

I'll try and make a list of things you should do when tubing the river. These will help your experience.

--Bring a large group of friends
--Buy an extra tube(s) for your cooler(s)
--Bring sunscreen
--Bring lots of booze. No one wants to be sober for this.
--Bring a bedsheet that you can tie over your tube.
--Tie your tubes together. (haha)
--Leave your cellphones at home. One person should keep a phone in a water proof bag in case of emergency.
--Bring lots of food
--Wear flippy floppies that you dont mind losing, or Vibram Five Fingers
--Sunglasses and hat that are cheap. You may lose em.

But most importantly....take transportation like the Big Orange Bus Company or supershuttle. You don't want to have a DUI lurking in your past because of one big party. For our group, it was about 14 bucks per person round trip, and we had about 10 people.

Tip: Go on a Saturday morning when the water is still clean. Get there at about 10-11am. 

The river is the ultimate day drinking party. Good friends, sun, water, and good times. It gets crowded, but you meet all kinds of crazy people. 

Do it.
3.5 stars:  An unassuming sports bar back to back with the nearby Hospitality Suites.  I can't say much on how lively it gets at night or how the regular fare is.  I just had one of the complimentary breakfast items for staying at the motel.  

The service is friendly enough but sleepy-looking at 7 am on a Thursday.  I didn't mind.  I got the American Style Breakfast which consisted of 4 pieces of dry wheat toast, two eggs over medium, sausage and hash browns with a single serving of Country Crock.  

They cook it to order but it came out looking like it had just been warmed.  It wasn't hot and the toast barely qualified as warm.  The potatoes were pretty tasty but shriveled and I had to check to make sure they weren't either desiccated or frozen before trying them.  You can see from the picture that the yolk came broken on the eggs but they were cooked pretty well.  They give you a pot of coffee to go with your meal if that's your drink of choice.  On the other hand as you tap away on the keyboard to write this... technically, it *was* free.  What am I really bitching about?
I always have wonderful and speedy service ! Elias was very polite and made sure my order was correct. Nothing makes a pregnant lady happier than good food , great service, respectful and polite employees  !  I live closer to the tbird location and I always manager to come to this location because I know I will always get wonderful service
OMG, where are the letters (or words) to describe how terrific the food is at this place???

Carolina's here was very busy during my first visit today, on this Saturday mid-afternoon.  I ordered a #2 Combo with a green tamale & a red enchilada, & added a hard shredded beef taco.  In good time, my order was ready, & it included a shredded lettuce salad (you use some of the sauce for dressing), & Spanish Rice & refried beans.

Let's cut right to the chase:  Every bite of this meal was absolutely 5 Stars, and so was the service & the pricing...  ¡periodo!     :-))

#2 Combo $5.45, Shredded Beef Taco $1.80
Well I'm sold. I've been to this location two or three times now. Each and every time I've gotten the most amazing service. The baristas are so friendly and always quick to recommend something new. I've been a Starbucks fan (addict) for years now but I may be changing my following. Today I tried my first Italian soda... Orange with cream. Delish. :)
Hot dogs dont get much better than this. The chili cheese is my favorite.
As far as airport dining goes, this is just okay.  The utensils are plastic and the menu isn't anything to rave about, but if you want some food, this place is good enough.

The service was fine.  I had a quesadilla and it came with sour cream (probably frozen then defrosted), guacamole (bland) and salsa (definitely frozen).  I had a beer, too.  Maybe the beer is why I'm giving this three stars.  Daydrinking in airports is a personal favorite pasttime.
I had a great sandwich for a reasonable price.  The cookies were great.  If you looking for a quick meal fix.  This might just be the ticket for you.
This place is not only inexpensive, but the burgers are amazing. AND THEY HAVE HAAGEN DAAZ MILKSHAKES!!! Sooo good.... I got a 1/3 lb cheesburger with a fried egg on it. It was cooked perfectly, not greasy at all. I will for sure be back!
I can't really comment for the store itself. I mainly come to visit the Starbucks for my morning caffeine requirement. The first time I came, I ordered a tall mocha, and I left with some weird flavor that resembled pumpkin spice latte, but way different and not flavorful at all. A guy barista made it. 

The other times I came, I ordered with the girl that's usually there in the morning and she does a great job. I'll have to pay attention to her name next time.
So by now everyone knows about the Starbucks running water fiasco, right?

http://abcnews.go.com/International/SmartHome/Story?id=5964908&page=1

I drive up to the "almost in the hood" new store, and while I'm waiting for my grande, extra hot caramel macciado with half 2% milk and half whole milk, one splenda, no whipped cream, but drizzle the caramel on top?  Oh yeah, and can I have it double-cupped instead of one of those sleevey-things and while I'm waiting at the window I look over and see that little friggin spigot just running for no apparent reason. WTF I say, it's true.  


They let the water run all the time!  What ass-clown came up with that idea?
All your pet needs under one roof. Staff is always helpful with my many questions. Great place!
Friendly professional service. Service completed in 20 minutes.
No sales pressure!
Smelly
Loud
Pretentious for no good reason at all
Overpriced

But the worst thing for someone like me, as a vegetarian, is that there are perhaps two items on the entire menu from which to choose.  I don't mind macguyvering a meal out of the appetizer section, but come on! All you have is tofu or edamame? No thanks.
It is a 110 mile round trip for me, passing who knows how many salons along the way, and it is well worth the drive even during rush hour. Ask for Ray if you want an amazing hair experience. You will go home feeling beautiful/handsome.
Enjoyed a great salad with plenty of chicken. The service was optimal and as I recall from previous visits the staff is easy on the eyes.

I'd go back.
Price is great, but selection is really poor.  And during lunch they did not replenish the buffet very well.  

They were nursing some of the older dry dishes rather than keeping it nice and fresh.  I wouldn't go back.  

Rather spend $2 more and get 4 times the choices.  I'm guessing their regular menu is good though ... Food tasted fine.
Not really the best bowling experience I've ever had. 

  The General manager did not look like he wanted to be there. He seemed annoyed when I was paying admission. He seemed even more annoyed (as was I) when my fiance' decided she needed socks as well and he already had run my card. 
 
 In fact, no one seemed to want to be there that evening. I don't expect everyone to LOVE their job insanely at all times, but when I drop almost $100 dollars on two people (admission, socks, food, and beer)  in a place, I'd like to see a smile or two. 
 
 Went for an evening extreme skate. The light show was awesome and set the mood. The music selection was decent but the speakers were awful. I think they only had half of them working because I only ever heard half a song.


 Wasn't a terrible experience. It's a fun and clean place with affordable prices. However, if I decide to spend that much again, I may find a place where they seem happy to take my money, and I can hear an entire song.
Once of the best hotels I have ever stayed at.  The staff was awesome and the views in the valley were beautiful.  Great atmosphere in the resturants as well.
They took my appt down wrong and didnt include the hair cut. They also put 5 different products in my hair after they washed it. It looked really greasy and weighed down when I left.
A great place to drop-off your seldom-used stuff. So many people just throw everything away when they no longer need it. If it looks halfway decent, I donate it and let Goodwill make the decision. On the flip-side, this is a great place to find things you didn't know you needed at super-cheap prices. I recently bought a full-suspension Gary Fisher mountain bike in great condition for $150! And there are tons of rarely-used kid's toys for only a few dollars each. A little bleach cleaning and your kids are stoked! Don't forget to look for charging cords here before buying a new one. There are phone and laptop chargers aplenty! Although it smells like used clothing, as you would assume, the store itself is clean and they keep it well organized. All of the employees have always been really nice, too.
ALMOST everything about this place was good. I went there for my birthday to have a nice dinner. We ordered the veal picatta and chicken rosa (forget the exact name). The food was good. Our waiter was great. Everything was good until the end of our meal when we asked to take our $50 bottle of wine home. The manager came to our table and told us it was against the law to let us take a bottle of wine off the premise. Since I had went through the DLLC course only 3 weeks prior, I knew he was wrong. I tried to explain to him that he was incorrect, but he insisted that since he had been in the business for over 10 years that he was right and I was wrong. To make a long ass story short, I didn't take my bottle of wine home. 

That evening I emailed the DLLC and asked them about the law concerning the situation at Tutti Santi, and they responded:

"Was the bottle of wine purchased with a meal? If so the statute 4-244 (32) states:

It is unlawful for a licensee or employee to knowingly permit spirituous liquor to be removed from the licensed premises, except in the original unbroken package. This paragraph shall not apply to either of the following:

 A person who removes a bottle of wine which has been partially consumed in conjunction with a purchased meal from licensed premises if a cork is inserted flush with the top of the bottle or the bottle is otherwise securely closed."

SO, Mr. Matteo, this is to you: You WERE wrong! Your professionalism was admirable, but professionalism can only go so far when you are WRONG!

Moral of this review: Drink all of your wine.
I didn't like the idea of a restaurant splitted into two and we have to choose one side and one side only even though we sit at the patio and there's not even a fence to divide the two. 
Since we have been to original Pizzaria Bianco, we thought we give Trattoria Bianco a try. The menu is simple and cute. Polenta with sausage was decent. But not sure if it's $9 decent.
While most my parties ordered pasta, I decided to try the secondi and ordered the roast beef shoulder. The best part of the dish was the roast lemon and sauteed Kale. I end up give most the meat away because the lack of the flavor and the dryness. It was the most expensive item on the menu as well. $21 for a big disappointment. 
Their gnocchi had good presentation, lasagna verde was a nice surprise. I might give it another shot when my stomach is not upset from digesting the dry meat. Hm... maybe....
I had a pesto pizza and house salad and my boyfriend had a calzone with two toppings. Though I do like the smokiness of the pizza crust I thought it was just a little too thin and was a little irked that my pesto and cheese didn't stay on, as in the pesto cheese was completely separate and off of the crust. I found the cheese to be a little too chewy without being thick (I like chewy THICK cheese on pizza), but my boyfriend thought it was good, so to each his own. My boyfriend's calzone looked large but didn't really have that much inside of it. I thought the calzone crust was a little flat, like it needed to be a little more light and bready. My large house salad was nicely large (like with a couple slices of pizza you can make a meal). The location of this pizzeria is adorable at night (lots of lights). 

I do have to say that if I'm getting pizza around here, I would rather get Barro's.
Living in the Roosevelt District, our household was really excited to see that this was opening up.  We thought it was a great concept that we could take advantage of being that we both work and go to school.  Went for the first time today and were really disappointed.  Ordered the Rack of Lamb with Cauliflower Parmesan Crush & Green Beans, for $16 it was not well worth it.  Although I am a true believer in paying for good quality food, there was really not much food to try in order to find out!  There were two pieces of lamb, literally 3 green beans, and more mashed cauliflower than anything.  It was ok, but I wasn't very satisfied.  For an establishment that advertises meals to go, I expected their pricing to be about the same, if not less than a restaurant, but I could have went to a sit down restaurant and paid the same amount for way more food that tastes a bit better.  

FG2G - I really hope that you guys could do a little better than this because we really want to be able to support your business, but I can't say that we were happy with the food for the price we paid.  Until then, we wont be going back :(
Yelp comes through again!

I bought a house and needed to get the locks changed, so I went with Yelpers over my realtor's recommendations. Based on the reviews, I called Jeff on a Tuesday and set up an appointment for the following Friday.

Jeff was on time and friendly. He immediately popped the cores out of all my locks and re-keyed them in his van, which is sort of a mobile locksmith shop. He did seven cores in about an hour.

I got to talk to Jeff quite a bit while he was working, and it's clear he's a perfectionist (in a good way) who takes a lot of pride in his craft. He double checks to make sure all your locks look nice and function properly. He's well organized, and his prices are reasonable, especially given the quality of service.

Jeff also warned me about scammers who send out untrained servicemen and charge ridiculous prices for a hackneyed job. If a so-called locksmith goes to work with a drill, tell him the deal's off.
Very stuffy.  We ordered the cream of mushroom soup, and for the cost, you would have thought it would have tasted better.  The soup was bland, and there was no salt and pepper to be found.  We did have the truffle fries which were delicious, especially the truffle ketchup and mayo sauce.  My husband and I both ordered the Caesar Salad with chicken.  This salad was also bland, and the dressing was more like paste than dressing.  The colors of the salad were dreadful and the chicken was boiled with no flavor.  I may give this place a second chance because the service was good and there are other good reviews, but if I had to make a judgement on just food...I'd never go back.
If I could put zero stars I would.  Food is nice and all but service is most important.  I believe Lisa G herself is the woman who asked me and my boss and my boss's boss to leave our table and meet elsewhere so she could seat more people in the restaurant.  That's nice, thanks for nothing.  Anyhow, the bowl of balls were nothing to yelp about and I was quite disappointed that they carry the oddest soda flavors.  Don't ask what it is, your server thinks you are a whack job for not know knowing what the beverage selection is.

I'm a bit bitter, maybe b/c I suggested the restaurant to my bosses and then got treated like dirt.  It looks so cute from the outside (and really is in the inside), and since I live in the neighborhood, I like to try out the new restaurants and bars.  Anyhow, Lisa G and her staff can take the balls and shove it.
We tried this place out after seeing it on Yelp and it was close to our house. The restaurant was really spacious and clean. We ordered a Jade Red chicken rice bowl and a combination plate with Jerk fried rice, black beans Machaca quesadilla and Emerald chicken. The Machaca quesadilla was tasty & crispy. Also the Jade Red chicken was good. However we didn't care to much for the Jerk fried rice, beans and the Emerald chicken. Overall the food was ok and your food comes out fast.
Our grocery store of choice in the area!
Here's why I like this place: I like wine (aka Mommy Juice). And they have lots of it. 
Let's face it: Postino started and leads the pack on wine bars and 5th and Wine seems to recognize that by serving some of their dishes. Which is fine with me because 5th and Wine is closer and easier to snag a table.
Their homemade mozzarella is one of my favorite things. If they had a plate of just that, bread, and olive oil, i'd order it every time. The other items in the dish are just a bonus.
The only reason this isn't a 5 star review is the fact that the last 3 times we've been there, our servers have not been super educated on the wines. We were totally spoiled the first time we hit this place: our server knew the wine list inside and out and recommended wines that we really liked and regularly look for, now. Since then, when we ask our servers what they recommend for different types of wine, they have had to ask the bartender and even then, the wines just haven't been on target. I get that it's a little bit hard to know every wine on a gigantic list and I have no problem with our servers asking the bartender for suggestions. But when you work at a place called 5th and Wine, you should be able to know the difference between a merlot and a zin...which one of our servers did not. I'm totally willing to give them the benefit of the doubt and continue going here- I mean, we keep trying different wines until we get one we love, so, it's a win-win.
I cannot put into words how happy this restaurant makes me, the food is simple but delicious, perfect rice every time.  If it was served on expensive plates I could easily justify paying an extra $3 a plate!!!
So good.

The restaurant is admittedly in the most tucked away place. You'd hardly know it was there in the strip mall. Stepping inside however is an instant transformation to a charming little place.

Now when I say charming, I don't mean too fancy. It's nice and sets a good mood. The wall decor is not exactly "out of place," but certainly a bit odd. 

But they could paint Grimace and Burger King sword fighting on the wall for all I care if the food is good.

And the food is good. 

There are moments when food has taken me to another place, where I felt as though I could leave the bounds of Earth behind me. This is not one of those times. There's nothing transcendent about the food, but it's the kind of food that tastes so good that it reminds you to eat out more often. The kind that you think about days afterwards.

The roll and pesto are a fantastic start to the meal, but dangerously addictive. It's hard to slow down to make room for you meal.

Most recently, I had the lobster ravioli. The lobster was very fresh - a rarity in ravioli. The texture was perfect and supplemented by shrimp in the wine sauce that added to the seafood flavor. The raviolis were also cooked to a great heat and consistency. I frequently found myself closing my eyes to enjoy them.

Not the most elegant of surroundings, but really great food for the price.
Waited for 25 minutes before asking for a manager for assistance. Too crowded and for all the lovely blue shirts walking around nobody bothered to help those of us standing around. Once I finally got help it was ok.
Typical west coast BBQ. Dry, flavorless, and overpriced.
I joined @PatrickEm and @PaulValach at @TheDucePHX for brunch this morning.

I had their cinnamon pecan french toast, but without the pecans.

It was simply amazing!

Amanda was our server, and she epitomizes what I think a server should be. Keep her around, Duce!

Also had fresh-squeezed orange juice. Delicious!

I think the Duce would do well to add a few fans, just to move the air a bit.

But I really enjoy this place, and will definitely be back.
One of the worst meals ever.  Service was bad, food was bad.  Never going back.
Old Time Whiskey was worth a visit. As we sat down our server approached us right away, she was warm and friendly and suggested some specialty cocktails. 

They make a very nice Whiskey Sour, from scratch and I like a real one, without all that high fructose corn crap. The atmosphere was trendy, without being uncomfortable. There is a very nice patio area outside as well.

Located inside the Saguro
Great salad, fast service and respectable pizza.  The bar setting makes this a welcoming hangout.
I was fortunate to have Babbo's at work last Saturday, catered to us by a generous big-wig there. It's some of the best Italian food I've ever had. Period. The ingredients were fresh, the dishes appeared to be on the healthy side, and the flavor was marvelous. I've never had such delicious meatballs in my entire life.  I would absolutely want their food again.

My only complaint? Their east valley locations can't possibly open soon enough. I can't wait to bring my family and friends to this establishment. 5stars.
It took almost 2 hours for lunch for a family of four.  

I've wasted enough of my time with Coco's.  So this is the end of my review.
Very disappointed! I was told they aren't taking Plus size clothing anymore, some kind of corporate decision. I'm appalled! Why would you exclude an entire market?? A very stupid decision on their part and gross discrimination! Where are plus size women supposed to go to consign/buy nice clothing?  I would urge any woman who is or once was plus-sized to boycott this company!!
Excellent food, a relaxed atmosphere, large portions, and outstanding desserts.

For those of you that need someone to come along and tell you where to sit, how to order, how to sit, what to eat, etc. on your "date night".....go to Starbucks and get yelled at......leave the seats for someone more appreciative.
Excellent food, prices, service, atmosphere and happy hour!! Hard to beat this place, really!
If you like walking around a store and going back into the parking lot for your cart this is the store for you. Poorly set up store.
Food cart that now serves Acai Bowls.  I love this guy.

Next time I'm there I will ask for all the goodies to be placed on the bottom of the bowl and place the acai on top.   I lost way too many goji berries.

I'm going back to this place
As a Hillside regular I feel 4/5 stars is not quite the perfect rating - I wish I could give them 4.5 stars as 90% of my experiences with the food and service have been excellent.  

Those experiences that comprise the 90% include breakfasts, lunches, and dinners.  Amazing pancakes, best bacon in the valley (seriously, big props for the bacon), huevos rancheros yum, chilaquiles to die for, awesome burgers, great beer selection, and I am in love the Cocina 10 items!  The servers are friendly, knowledgeable about the menu (both food and beverage), and make the overall experience at Hillside enjoyable.

The other 10% - the bad - have occurred in the mornings on the weekends when they're in the middle of a rush.  New rule - if I have to wait more than 5 mins for a table at Hillside I have to walk away.  They just don't seem to properly staff those peak times and both service and food quality suffer.

Final words... outside of 8:30am-10:30am on Saturday and Sunday I will continue to visit Hillside for any meal of the day.  Great food!  If you haven't been... go!
Fuckin delicious. I've tried several of their menu items and each time I end up making that "holy Toledo this is awesome face" that foodies are all guilty of. You know, the one where you close your eyes and moan a little? It's embarrassing but toooootally worth it. The Tsoynamis are rad and way better than ice cream. And the staff is super sweet! My only complaint is that it's rather stealthily hidden, or maybe my sense of direction is just lacking. 

That's all I got. Vegans, vegetarians, meat-eaters...everyone should eat here.
I am very excited about the addition of this new restaurant in " my hood"-lower Arcadia. I am such a lazy person when it comes to traveling far for a good meal so when I heard about Beckett's Table I was anxious to give it a try.
No disappointment here! The place is heaven. Lovely warm atmosphere-urban without the pretense. The service casual but efficient.
And the food....the perfect combination of comfort and elegance. We had the outrageous biscuits to start with our lovely cocktails, the lobster enchiladas-(delicious taste but I missed the lobster..) and the perfectly prepared salmon. Too  full to try the pecan pie-had the creme brulee-which was creamy goodness but would have liked an accompanying fruit or something with it.
The menu had so many things I wanted to try-I will be back again and again.
Prices are reasonable-2 drinks, biscuits, one appetizer,one entree, 2 desserts all for less than 70.00.
Fabulouso!!!!!!!!!
just got a Peter Piper Pizza for the 1st time in awhile.  I don't know what happened but the crust IS NOT the same.  TOO BAD.  won't ever go back again.  i grew up in the Valley and I have never had a PPP like this.  the cheese is different, the crust is different.  WHY WHY WHY??? the wings are SORRY.
Little gem tucked into a horrible shopping centre. I loved that they had the roasting equipment and fresh beans out in the open, as proof they roast their own coffee. They had plenty of roasts on offer as well as some home made treats in the case. 
I got an iced mocha and a mini cinnamon roll - both were very good. The coffee was very smooth and rich in flavour, not overpowered by milk or chocolate like some espressos can be.
For locally sourced, freshly roasted, the prices are your pretty standard Starbucks prices which is great - I'd honestly expect higher. Definitely recommend if you find yourself in the area.
Does anybody work here anymore? I went here for Christmas shopping and wanted to buy a watch. There were about three other customers all ready to buy a watch but couldnt find anybody working that could help us out.
Tonight we had a special request for the staff...a guest who is on a gluten-free diet and is allergic to all dairy products.  Our waitress, Julie, bent over backwards to accomodate him and made us all feel comfortable with the choices.  I really do LOVE this place.  After watching Hell's Kitchen, I was craving Chicken parm...and it was yummy...it would have impressed Gordon Ramsey.  Our bottle of chianti was smooth.  The tiramusis - to die for.
Good fresh food, although portions get smaller and smaller with every visit. Pretty soon it will ne 8$ for two cubes of steak in your burrito...
First off to call yourself a bar and not serve tap beer is a joke. 
The bartender was rude and inattentive.
The pork tacos were disgusting.

that about sums up my experience.....
Finally a decent sushi restaurant near home! I went to their soft opening for dinner and as soon as I walked in I was actually pretty surprised on how nice & big it was, the decor, fine dinnerware, the whole setting. Whoever designed the place did a pretty good job. And I like how the bar is in the middle of the room and there are sections of places you could sit around the place. I noticed how some of the waitresses were wearing their fake Gucci pouches and staff members were using ipads. It seemed like a fancy sushi restaurant. I was just hoping it wasn't another one of those RA/Roka Akor like sushi restaurants. Their sushi is horrible! 

Anyways got seated by some waitress and she freaken took forever to get our drinks, then moments later she came back with our appetizer which was the Otaku spicy tostada. This was good!!!! She even suggested to try their kitchen food instead of sushi so we did and I got the seafood tofu hotpot & boyfriend got the curry chicken. The curry was rather watery kinda like curry soup which was eh.The seafood hotpot on the other hand was actually pretty good with lots of flavor. Mine didn't come with rice so I was waiting on our waitress, but she was seriously missing the entire night! Thankfully my friend actually works there and she came to check up on us & I told her I needed rice she was brought it for me. Even one of the manager came over to our table and asked us how our food was. Overall, I had a good time, most of the staff was pretty friendly.  I understand that during that time since it was their soft opening some things were a bit unorganized but still the our waitress sucked. My friend even had to go look for her in the kitchen to let her know we were done and was ready for our check! GRR

I also went here for happy hour just yesterday and it seemed to be a bit more organized & in place. YAYYYY! =P Tried their tootzy roll, spicy tuna, & vege roll. It wasn't GREAT, but it was good. And service was good too. I say their kitchen food is probably a bit better than their sushi. But overall I like this place definitely would go back again.
Terrific Tuesday at GB!  From the time Brittany welcomed us to our table with a big smile and conversation, until the last sip of Blonde Bock, it was a delightful experience.  I tried the brew sampler, as I always do, and then the large Blonde Bock to follow that.  My wife had two Blonde Bocks, and they were only $2.50 each on Tuesdays all day!  She tried the Mediterranean nachos small plate, and I tried the filet mignon sliders, which were by far the best sliders ever!  Topped it off with a shared plate of GB's famous garlic fries and our night was complete.  See you there next Tuesday!
Great place to find what you need in the world of music or DVD's. It also smells amazing when you walk in.....incense.
Dude, people try to put caseys down but it's a go to spot for a good night out with "drinks on me™!" Once my cousin from Leeds, UK was vistiting and we drove by. I told him it's my favorite watering hole. we drove by once at 130 am and heard somone screaming "help! help!" inside...it was pimp
Let's admit it: this place is neither Chinese nor Mexican.  Not that I have a problem with that.  I just see it as another Panda Express or Baja Fresh - good ole American fast food.  I have been here twice and the food has been good both times.  I have now tried: jade red chicken, emerald chicken, machaca, carnitas, cuban black beans, refried beans, and pork fried rice.  My favorites are the jade red chicken and pork fried rice.  On my second visit, the food was a little salty, but again, this is American fast food.  The snickerdoodle cookie is also a nice touch.  I need to be sure to make it one day for their volcano cookie.  Portions are big enough to have leftovers for another meal.  This is granted that I always pick quesadilla for one of my combo choices.  Service has been good on both visits even though all the workers seem a little young.  They were friendly, helped with the menu, and gave samples for first timers.  I have to admit, $10 for a combo + drink is high for a fast food joint, but somehow, I know I will be going back.  Oh yeah, for $10, they can do better than plastic lawn chairs and tables.
Hidden gem. We got here and the menu seemed like nothing special, but then the food arrived. Our dishes were truly delicious. 

I adore spicy food and this places nails it. From the salsa to the entrees, this place will keep you sweatin!

Our waitress was also super sweet and very helpful :)
great place to grab a solid cocktail and soak up some ambiance. i really dig the giant, high-backed leather chairs and the comfy sofas. the pimm's cup(s) that i had were really refreshing, lemony, and made me a happy camper. it was also the first time that i've ever had a really decent manhattan :). whiskey sours are also killer here.

a really nice place to grab a drink before dinner. i do know they serve food here but have a limited menu that would do just fine for happy hour.
...I don't get the Costco phenomenon...not one bit.

Admittedly not one with a huge family, but without a doubt the sort who buys and eats in bulk the prices here simply aren't that much better than those at Super Target or Walmart and with their limited hours (24-hr at Walmart) you're almost always guaranteed to hit a crowd.
They say that first impression will determine how likely you are to re visit a location again, unless you are one of those people that are determined to give everything and everyone a second chance, which I am not. But let me just say that I will be more than likely to visit the Mesa Arts Center again and possibly again, depending on my second impression of course. 

First of all the building itself is a feast for the eyes, an inverted eyesore if I may. A huge, modern, contemporary building, sandwiched in between mostly sub-par fast food joints and cash your check now locations. And since I am still fairly new and unfamiliar to this area and the fact that I have never been to down town Mesa, my expectations were, let's just say that I went in to this without really knowing what to expect. 

Never the less, once I entered the doors I was immediately greeted by a sweet old lady that might have noticed the confusion on my face. Since the only clue my ticket gave me of where I was going was a big green arrow that said enter here and the slightly cryptic seating and tier coding left me confused of where I was going, but luckily this lady came to my rescue and made sure I ended up where I needed to be.

I went to see Video Games Live at the Ikeda theatre, a combination of my two biggest interests in life, music and video gaming. When attending a show of this style with the properness of classical music and the youthfulness of video games you can expect a clash of social norms. You see people wearing formal attire and younger teenagers decked out in this season's latest Hot Topic fashion.

They played song like Pac Man, Super Mario, Zelda and one of my personal favorites when it comes to newer games being Assassins Creed. The first three mentioned are theme songs that anyone would be able to recognize and Assassins Creed is designed from the get go with classical music so the experience is only enhanced by hearing it live combined with the visual elements and clips from the game.

All in all, having a great view of the orchestra, unobstructed sound, a beautiful venue and last but not least, the importance of art in our society made my fist but not last experience with the Mesa Arts Center something I would recommend to anyone.
I was craving a burger.  So I went to Blu Burger and boy did it hit the spot.  The ingredients were fresh and tasty. I really enjoyed the location.  You can bring dogs on the patio. So next time my dogs will join me. :)
Went to this store to review our cellular plan and change our plan back to what we signed up for.  Some how our plan mysteriously changed to a more expensive one.  It took me a few tried to get the customer service rep to understand that it was wrong.  He kept insisting it was right.  When he finally longed into our account he realized it was wrong.  He was very apologetic and helpful.  He changed our account to reflect what we signed up for.  My favorite part of the AT&T store is that you can make an appointment!!!!!  When you arrive for your appointment you are placed in the que in front of the walk-ins to reflect you appointment time.  We probably would have been there for 2 hours or more but with the appointment we were done in 40 minutes.
Really amazing! I was having a major craving for pad thai and did not want pei wei or pink pepper again right now.. As I was getting tired of always going there. I tried Krua Thai's Pineapple Fried Rice and at first I was shocked by the price at 9.75 but there was plenty enough for the two of us to split and it was quite tasty I will always get it again when we go back. The Pad Thai was really good as well.  My partner and I both loved them and will eat them again.
Hadn't been in North Scottsdale in a while, recalling quickly all that I had been missing. As i walked in a lovely was coming out in her high heels and all dressed up ready to go hit the town.. oh yeah.. the food the food.

This was an EVFN event, they extended the Happy Hour for us for a couple of hours, and buy was that a good thing. The sushi is incerdible, the miso soup, the salmon the tuna.. all fantastic. I even tried the little burger for $2 ... amazign tastes all around. 

Leelani was our server, sweet and pretty gal who could tell you everything about the menu and what to get..  still see her smile. 

Hope to get back there again one day.. although they knew it was my bday....an no real deal.
Everybody commented that the popcorn is good here. I should say great and cheap too. Once you have a complimentary T-Shirt and a cup. All year round you'll enjoy popcorn and soda without hurting your wallet.
Bloody awesome. Seriously.

Ok, my significant other and I walked in around 8 pm on a Friday night. I think if we came a little earlier we'd probably have to wait for seating. We thought the place would be larger, its a little small, but that's ok. It felt like we were in a British pub, and I've been dying to go to London. No, but seriously, the atmosphere is really cool and very original. Service as well as the staff here are very friendly and really cool.

I don't drink, but the prospect of getting to choose from tons of locally brewed and imported beer is appealing. We ended up ordering a cheese steak pasty and a chicken tikka masala pasty. I was extremely skeptical and thought I was going to be in for a big disappointment. What business did this British pub even have THINKING about chicken tikka masala? To my surprise, I think I just tasted the BEST CHICKEN TIKKA MASALA IN PHOENIX. Hold up, Cornish Pasty Company, a BRITISH type PUB HAS THE BEST CHICKEN TIKKA MASALA in PHOENIX. I know, you must think I'm nuts, but I'm Indian and I thoroughly enjoyed this amazing interpretation of a stereotypical Indian dish. The tikka masala overshadowed the cheesesteak which I thought was rather bland. I think the issue here was that the chicken tikka was so overwhelmingly awesome. I can't wait to go back and have the tikka masala again and perhaps try something else.

Everything here is super fresh, you can see them making the pasties and dough and everything. The pasties have a perfect texture and are golden brown on the outside. If you're unsure of what a pasty is, it is basically a chicken bake or calzone, but with different fillings. Really awesome.

It'd be awesome if the owner of this place decided to get a few TVs, then it'd be even more pub like. Also,  it'd be super duper awesome if he decided to pick up some English Premier League games on the weekends. I would most definitely come down for some breakfast pasties and watch a few games.
Yelpers prove to be right yet again with the average 3 stars on this one... 

I was craving sushi and had a hot date with my sister-in-law last night to do dinner and a movie... It just so happened that Eat Pray Love was playing at the Tempe Marketplace Harkins Theater, so we decided to meet at Kabuki before the movie.  

I walked in first and asked how long the wait was for two... I as told 10 or 15 minutes.  Not so bad... so I decided to wait.  I walked outside and met up with my Alexa and we came back in about ten minutes later... As we did so, two other women came in and I saw that they were seated right away.  I looked at Alexa, looked up at the hostess stand, was thinking (WTF), and then went and asked nicely where we were on the list.  

"There are two tables before you," I was told.  "It will likely be another ten minutes or so." 

At that, I responded, "is there another option, perhaps sushi bar, that I don't know about?"

And alas, there sure was... (they neglected to give me that option when I originally checked-in).  We were seated at the sushi bar at that moment and went on to have a very underwhelming meal.  Here's why:

-While the large portion cucumber salads we ordered were extremely tasty, the cucumbers were cut lengthwise in such a way that it was difficult to eat.  I prefer cucumbers diced in smaller pieces so they are easier to eat!

-Service - our waiter wasn't the friendliest... I felt kind of rushed by him when we were there.  Additionally, since we were seated in the middle of the sushi bar, all of the wait staff would reach over us to pick up the sushi for their tables, which was very distracting while we were eating!  Perhaps they could've moved the sushi ready for pick-up to the side of the sushi bar to avoid distracting guests in the future?

-The sushi itself was good; not amazing.  We had a Sunset roll, a Lotus roll, a Large roll, and an order of Ikura.  I didn't realize the Lotus roll was going to have a ton of mayo along with the baked Lobster that came on top of it... it was a bit on the creamy side for my liking.

-To top things off, when the bill came, they overcharged us... a simple mistake, but given our experience, it was just one more negative thing... and then when I pointed it out, I barely got an apology at all.

With so many other restaurants to choose from in the Tempe Marketplace, I am not sure I'll return to Kabuki.  If I do, however, I will wait for a regular table!
Grew up back East NY/NJ area so I am fine with being a Pizza Snob.  Have to say that Ray's Pizza is one of my favorite Pizza's in Phoenix Area.  Giving it a 4 star because the mushroom pizza is not very good.  Mushrooms taste like can mushrooms.  Other than that everything else is fantastic.  Tastes like home.
Carne Asada is the most tender on Monday morning!!!! Then it's the Chicken & Cheese Burro w/ Green sause
Pretty much everything about 4-Peaks is great. Food is great. Beer (esp Pumpkin Porter) is great. Brunch is great. Great place to gather your friends. This has been a solid staple of my life in the time I've lived in Tempe.
Funny to see a couple of the recent reviews be for visitors when the WWE Royal Rumble was in town, as they seemed to be on their A-game that day compared to other reviews. But perhaps not their A "talent". Think of the Tilted Kilt as a Scotish version of Hooters with girls in provocative school girl outfits. Sounded good to me ... except I'd seen better talent at the Hooters in Manassas. Downtown Phoenix, you can do better than that!

They had a great vibe going before the Royal Rumble. Looking for our second spot to drink, my friend and I decided to try the Tilted Kilt because of proximity to the arena and high probability of good beer. When we approached, we saw a line forming out front and I immediately sensed this was a hot pre-Rumble spot. We moved through the crowded restaurant to the exterior bar area and, sure enough, it was the WWE Universe, right in your face.

It was a great pre-event atmosphere. Ample space outside to handle the crowds, a great vibe of people gathering from all over the world for a common event and interest, and solid service at a crowded "college bar" type of atmosphere. And the beer selection was pretty good. I think it was about 25 brews and reminded me of a Buffalo Wild Wings type of selection - heavy on the national "microbrews" like Sam Adams and Blue Moon, and the big name InBev imports. They did feature four beers from Four Peaks, a Tempe-based brewery that I saw everywhere in Phoenix. And the Hoegaarden was a nice touch. It's the beer that Blue Moon tried to copy, but failed miserably. It reminded me how much I love Hoegaarden (and despise Blue Moon)

I have a feeling my review would be different if I ate here ... this looks like one of those chainy food factories where everything would be bland and indistinguishable. But rating solely on the beer, service, and experience - 4 stars is deserved.
a great movie experience new clean reasonable
enjoyed the whole thing!!!
I was actually looking for a sandwich shop next door when I stumbled across Sal's.  The sandwich shop was closed but the smell from Sal's permeated the air so I thought I'd give it a try.  I opted for one of Sal's famous 1 lb. calzones.  Yes, this thing was the size of a duffle bag!  

It was 4-star good!  They don't skimp on the stuffing, the crust was tasty, and the sauce tasted very home-made.  They had several pizzas by the slice for sale, each one looked very yummy and as reported by others, the slices are giant!!  

Overall, the food was good, the staff was friendly, the place was very clean, and locals must like it too because there was a steady stream of people picking up orders.  

I'm giving it 4 stars because, while quite good, it wasn't the "best" I've ever had and the atmosphere was lacking a little.
If you like jalapeño in your drink, michelada or a Paloma,  you're in the right spot. Started at the bar and the bartenders were excellent!  It's an indoor/outdoor bar, nice when the weather is great. Great Tequila selection. 

Had the Calabaza empanadas with side of rice and Mexican corn. Food was yummy and so were the black beans. Service was friendly. 

Would definitely return, cool spot.
What happened to Dunkin Donuts? Holy crappy does this place suck. The donuts are stale and taste weirdly like chemicals. I cannot recommend anything except that you drive five minutes to Bosa Donuts on McDowell. Great donuts, and locally owned. Support local.
The best apple pie in a three mile radius.  Draw a three mile radius, I dares ya.

50's-flavored Joe's moved from 16th Street to this new location.  Many people are happy about that.  I like the Arbuckle's Coffee a lot.  Chicken salad croissant, very good.  Cole slaw, outstanding.  Croissant Club, goood.  Sweet Potato Chips, OK.  Re: The Pie.    The slightly crunchy apples mildly flavored with a cinnamony nutmeggy sugar and spicing were swathed in Joe's family recipe crust.
 
Be prepared to spend a little more.  Rents and ingredient prices are up.  It's worth it.
I LOVE a good deal, so when I received a coupon in the mail for Top Design Nails, I was intrigued by the $26 mani/pedi which included a FREE eyebrow waxing to boot.  There are a lot of small nail salons near my house, but I haven't really found one that provided quality service worthy of a return...until yesterday.  As soon as I walked inside Top Design I noticed how much cleaner and organized it was than other establishments I had treated my footsies to, and I didn't have to wait at all to get my services started.  Honestly, all three of the services I received were firest rate.  Unlike other places that charge extra for salt scrub, this was included in the service, and my favorite part was the fact that they warm up the lotion before applying it to your feet and legs.  It was such a delightful experience!  
Since I started grad school I've definitely neglected myself a bit so my eyebrows were in need of some taming.  Anna, the owner of the salon, made them look tip-top in a jiffy.  She also owns the alterations place next door which only charges 8 measly dollars to put the original hem back on designer jeans.  Such a bargain!  This morning I woke up and admired my nails, toes and eyebrows and was so happy that I've found "my" nail place.  Anna informed me that the $26 special will be running for a while so get yourself into Top Design for the best deal in town!
Mmmmm, their mongolian beef one is really good.  Tender meat, perfectly salted peanuts amongst flavorful noodles!!  Can't wait to try this again!!!
the best dinner in phoenix. 100 stars. absolutely perfect. really, nothing to bitch about here.

as the yelp 5 star rating says, "woohoo, as good as it gets!!" this place is definitely worthy of every yelpers attention. i will be recommending this place to everyone - most notably for their exquisite dining concept called "sunday simple supper" - where you can get a 3 course meal (plus amuse bouche in between) for $35 a person. really, you can't pass it up. and the menu changes every sunday.

i chose this place as my birthday dinner celebration for the lady and i. as soon as we walked in, we were greeted by the owner and shown to our seats. the place has an open kitchen and fairly large dining area, with dark decor and as it started getting darker inside, the mood lighting settled in. our waiter was up right away to introduce himself and the sunday simple supper, with bottled water and delicious sourdough bread served first. after running through the *gasp* 8 PAGES of wines, my lady settled on a half bottle pinot grigio (which they were out of, but we were offered a similar, more expensive one at the out-of-stock wine's price by the owner). i picked their specialty cocktail of the night, a jalepeno margarita, which was the best margarita i've ever had. first taste was a beet salad on a spoon- wonderful and clean.  first course was a marinated heirloom tomato salad with shallots and basil. beautiful presentation and just as delicious as it looked. in between was a gespacho with pumpkin seed. never had gespacho before but i'd eat this every day.  second course i picked the pork shop bacon wrapped pork tenderloin with squash and whipped potatoes, and the lady had the halibut with vegetable rogout and ricotta gnocchi. the pork was absolutely de-fucking-licious. melted in your mouth. i didn't want it to be gone. cooked and seasoned to perfection. the halibut was tender and flavorful as well. two superb entrees. we were served a giant bowl filled with blue raspberry cotton candy, aptly called the "marge simpson". melt in your mouth good cotton candy. the make your own ice cream sundaes were fun and the ice cream was churned to perfection. an EXTRAORDINARY and complete meal.

i ate everything from start to finish and left no piece of food, er, standing. the flavor combinations were unique and everything had a perfect texture. the service was consistently excellent throughout the meal. our waiter sent us home with a NOCA treat, some sort of special small cookie cut like a piece of pie which i ate a day later. absolutely the best meal i have ever had. NOCA blew me out of the water. wonderful concept, wonderful service, and exquisite food.

 NOCA rocks yelpers socks.
The dine in theater is an intriguing idea. Unfortunately, here it is so poorly executed, with food below fast food par, but at upscale cost. Seating is hit or miss in terms of the better auditoriums showing the various films. Essentially, you eat in the dark, not seeing how the food is actually prepared & presented. Service is also hit or miss with a bias towards misses. It's a bit more than the cost of a regular movie, but for recent releases, which have the better auditoriums, it can be nice, so long as you steer away from anything but French fries, that are more like Jack In The Box. Though you can get some alcoholic drinks, is it really worth it with places like Merc Bar downstairs from the theater? Dont forget to allow for tipping if youre dining here. All this doesn't touch on the horrible parking situation at this location.GET YOUR PARKING TICKET VALIDATED!!!!

In summary, if you want to see a popular 1st run show upon its release, and can do without the food service experience, it can be nice. Otherwise, avoid it like the plague!

Enjoy :)
Amado's is Bien
By The Rue

Amado's you are bien,
I am not afriad to say so,
You're not quite muy bien,
But no one has to know.

The Amado's platter,
Is a lot of food and cheap,
For breakfast it doesn't matter,
Eggs, burros or a bag of peeps.

Before when you spent eight,
They gave you a free burrito,
The prices are still great,
Some might even say paquito.

Even though Fili B's is across the street,
It's you who I prefer and choose,
Even though your prices can be beat,
With you my stomach will never lose. 

Finishedalitoamos
Theaters are nice and clean. Too bad they couldn't translate that over to the restrooms, which smelled like a port-o-potty. The concession stand worker was incredibly pushy. I understand upselling but asking us after every single thing we order is extremely annoying. I recommend going earlier in the day because it's only $7 for matinee.
I really like the quality of clothes at Kohl's and they are always having sales.  They also send me those $10 gift cards in the mail all the time.  I like to go and look for shirts that are originally around $30 but are on sale for 50% off and then with the gift card, I walk away with it for $5!  I always have a receipt where the savings total is higher than the payment total.

They also have great trendy clothes for teen girls and nice clothes for men and boys.
My favorite steakhouse in the valley.  I typically order the chop salad and Brussels sprouts, with a Gin Martini .  Service is impeccable, as expected for a high-end steak house.  Love the service at the bar and you always meet some interesting peeps! 
Got to love North Scottsdale
Quality food, with unique and delicious specials.  Prices are comparable to other health-oriented restaurants.  The only reason I can't give it five stars is the slightly cold treatment from the staff members who have taken our orders.  They weren't overtly rude, but not real welcoming.
I came here because I saw it from the road and wanted to give it a try.  I'm really glad I did becuase it was tasty goodness!

The layout is cool.  Has a few roll up garage doors that are glass, along with inside and outside seating.  They had a variety of flavors, and many toppings to choose from.  I went with the red velvet yogurt with sprinkles and strawberries.  Total?  3 bucks and change.  The people working here were young and upbeat, along with helpful and nice.

I would return, and really enjoyed my time here.
My hubby and I have driven by this place for over a year! We finally moseyed our way on over to this spot. What took us so long? Oh my gosh! We should have come here earlier. This is a spot with modern decor, a simple menu, and fresh flavors. How can you not love a spot with quotes on the wall like this one?

"It may be the cock that crows, but it is the hen that lays the eggs." Margaret Thatcher

Heck yeah! They had a hen in the back droppin' some bomb eggs on our plates and they were oh so tasty.

For our first time visit we decided to try the Veggie Lovers Scramble. We loved the Veggie Lovers Scramble. The Veggie Lovers Scramble includes eggs scrambled with bell peppers, sun dried tomatos, and cheese. The eggs are served with rosemary potatoes and four slices of some freakin' tasty toast. Did I already say tasty? Sure did, and I'll say it again. This food was flippin' tastay!!!

While enjoyin' our tasty food, we found ourselves next to someone else who was also a first time visitor. He was throwin' down on some biscuits and gravy. He said that he hadn't had biscuits and gravy since the 70's, and he felt like he was right at home when he ate from his plate. Any food that transports you back to you childhood is alright with me. Remember that flashback moment that the critic had in Ratatouille? I think our new neighbor at Scramble was having a similar experience.

Portions were a nice size, and the staff was friendly. This is a nice brunch spot. We're more than likely eating brunch there tomorrow. Get there early if you are going on the weekend, this spot is usually packed.
We needed some treats for the dogs and stopped by this location.  It was raining cats & dogs outside (pun intended) and decided to kill some time until the storm passed over....so, we walked around the store looking at the cats, birds, fish, etc.  As we walked around the store, we were entertained at all of the dogs in the store...we could never bring our dogs in the store, they'd freak out being around the others.

Since we do a lot of traveling, we also looked at rates for the pet hotel....$29 per night is not bad.  We'll have to consider bringing the dogs here so the entire family can have a trip together.  We always hesitate to do that though....wish we knew more about it.

We found the treats we were looking for and they were on sale....$3.59 down from $5.99...cool, we bought 3 different flavors to give the doggies a variety.  We also needed a new ID tag for one of the dogs and did one of those self service laser tags for $9.50.

Overall, it was a good day at the pet store.

Return Factor - 80%
I'm a big fan of David's, and have been going there for years. Their prices are great, they are always friendly... open super late and the food is quite good. Don't miss this family owned business!
Thai soup was good (although the chicken was weird and the shrimp looked a little funny).  Dan Dan noodles and mu shu chicken were just OK.  Usually Flo's is better.
THIS PLACE IS ONE HUGE SCAM

I am so unbelievably disappointed with my experience here. It has been nothing but a huge nightmare.

They have made empty promises to me over and over from day one.

If you care to read on as to WHY this was such a horrible experience, here is my email to the gym's manager, Brian:

Hi Brian,

I have been having a complete nightmare of an experience with your gym as of late. I spoke with Stacy today and she told me that it would be best to come down and meet with you on Monday or Tuesday and that I should let you know what is going on.

Back in June I came into Gold's Gym and was interested in a membership. Danny was the one helping me out and telling me what memberships were available. I explained to him that I was under a pretty strict budget and would definitely not be able to commit to a year long contract as there was a good chance I'd be moving. So, he told me that what he "could do for me" was that as long as my first 2 payments (so my first month) went through no problem (which it did) that my contract would turn into a month to month contract. He took my credit card info and THEN proceeded to tell me the "rules of the gym" one of which included a "rate lock-in fee". I immediately said there was no way I was going to agree to this and that it was NOT okay that he brought this up AFTER taking my credit card info. I told him it was a deal breaker and I was ready to walk out. He then said he would be able to waive that fee for me no problem if I would sign up. He then said he would get in contact with corporate and get the whole month to month thing taken care of and then he would send me some sort of confirmation email regarding this. I never received one. I suppose this was the first sign that it was a lie. Come August, I receive word that the owner of the home I was renting was selling it so we were being forced to move. So in September I called in to cancel my membership. I was told that I would need to call corporate but they told me I was still in a 12 month contract and would need to speak with the salesman that set me up. I finally get a hold of Danny and he appears to remember me and says it will be no problem to get my membership cancelled. Even though I'm pretty angry that he had lied to me, I was happy that it was (supposedly) going to get taken care of. Then in October I see that my account was charged $51.47 and am pretty outraged that this large amount got deducted when (I thought) my account was cancelled. I called to speak with Danny and he explains to me that this was the "rate lock-in fee" that he had told me he was going to waive!! Not only this, but had he cancelled my account when he said he would, I never would have gotten this charge in the first place! So I've been speaking with Danny almost every day, hearing his promise of getting my money refunded (the portion that does not include my last 2 weeks payment) over and over and over. He said it would ABSOLUTELY be in my account today at 9am. Of course, it was not. Again. And THEN, when speaking with Stacy today, I find out that my account is still open. WHAT?!

Brian, there are so, so many problems with what is going on here. I am not sure if this is one huge lie or simply incompetence. I have never, ever had a worse experience with a gym than this. In fact, I have never had a worse experience with any company. 

In speaking with Danny, he does not at all deny the fact that he made these promises. If he tells you otherwise, perhaps you can refer to phone call recordings and hear how many times he says he is "not sure what happened" and has assured me that everything "would be taken care of". This man remembers every single person's name in the gym and I guarantee that he remembers these false promises he made me. 

I am not pleased that I will have to drive from Tempe to downtown Phoenix in rush hour traffic immediately after work but if that is what I need to do to get this taken care of, I will. 

Stacy mentioned that you were sick so please let me know what day will work for you to meet. I will be off work by 5 so I will probably be able to get there by 5:45 or 6pm on Monday or Tuesday.

Thank you.
So here we go again, dropped the son off at school, late, no time for me to eat a good breakfast, so I start craving a breakfast burrito.  My buddy tells me the other day that a new place opened up by Basha's, this is the 4th business to open in this same location and the second Mexican joint.  It's 0815 and there's no one inside the place, but the staff, this doesn't scare me away because most responsible folks are at work already, so I push on.  There are two dry erase boards with specials written on them, so i try to find the breakfast burritos in the array of typical Mexican food offerings.  The staff are busy setting up for the day and finally realize I'm there and they warmly welcome me to their shop.  A man, who I assume is the owner, because he is dressed rather nicely for someone who is slingin' burritos all day, says good morning and I start questioning him about all their breakfast burritos, ingredients and combos, he tells me they have, sausage, bacon and only beef chorizo (that's to bad because my wifey cannot eat beef), so I panic because there is no machaca, no pork chorizo for my wife and no ham.  The nice lady behind the Ipad they are using for a register asks me for my order, I ask if they are only making breakfast burritos and she crushes my heart, when she says yes, because I really wanted a carnitas burrito for later ;(.  I place my order to go(one bacon and one chorizo) I pay a little over $8.00 for them and the old Hispanic lady at the griddle gets busy making our burritos.  I ask the lady at the register if the chorizo is spicy and she says no, she's right it wasn't, but they have a full salsa bar so you can doctor your burrito to the level of spiciness you like.  By the time I'm done messing around with salsa and those little plastic cups and lids my food is ready!  Before I go I ask for a menu to take with me and the owner and nice lady assure me they have them, but after an extensive search they tell me they are OUT, that's not a good sign.  So  I head home with my food and now I am starting to worry that I'm still gonna be hungry, because these are not the typical Filiberto's sized burritos that I am used to paying $4-5 for.  I get home and the wife finds her bacon b.b. and I get my chorizo b.b. she has eggs, cheese and a few overcooked strips of bacon on top, takes a bite and adds some of the chunky (not pico) salsa to hers.  I open mine and it is soaked in red grease, like most typical b.b. tend to be and I am surprised at the child sized portion of both.  I try my burrito and it is okay, but it takes a healthy dose of salsa to make it better.  Then I decide to try the red, seed laden salsa, that I know will probably tear my stomach up later and it is HOT, limey and a little salty, I liked it!  Bottom line is I have been ruined by Filiberto's, Armando, and the list of great valley Mexican fast food joints goes on.  For the price I paid, I'm likely not to return anytime soon.  If  Cilantro's doesn't want to be added to the list of failed restaurants in this location they need to increase their portion sizes and get more variety.
This place is a great concept for bringing people together... to GEEK out! But really, I was intrigued when I first read about this place, that it was a community center of sorts that provided office space and equipment that anyone could use. I didn't know what to expect exactly, but it seemed like a reasonably cool community resource that was worth looking into.

I finally had an excuse to go check out Gangplank the other day. I found out about an event they were hosting through their Facebook page. The event was a public interest seminar called "Introduction to 3D Printing" which was offered as a part of their regular "Brown Bag" noontime Wednesday series. Some people I saw here actually did brown bag it and brought their lunch to eat while catching some high-tech vibes. Planet Sub is literally two doors down from Gangplank, so I think it is the default quick bite to grab if you're planning on brown-bagging it yourself.

I learned a lot from this seminar. First I got to check out all of the wacky toys and oddities some of the more experienced Gangplankers had 3D-printed. Geek culture was evident. Plastic pieces that were passed around included a bust of Yoda, a Green Lantern power ring, flexible bracelets, a foot pedal, a skull, a part engineered to add a hook feature to facility tables, and many more goodies. I gained an appreciation for how open-source ideas and technology are propelling the possibilities for 3D printing. The seminar speaker, Jessie, outlined the variables you need to control when laying down some serious plastic using the MakerBot Replicator 2. Software comes free with the MakerBot, but the STL files generated using CAD software are another matter. Tons of prefab STL files are available on-line at Thingiverse.com.

So if you get a chance to browse the Thingiverse or Maker communities on-line, or if you just want to learn something exciting and new from your local DIY/hacker community, I recommend checking out Gangplank in downtown Chandler.
This is the 2nd time we have been here and we can't wait to go back.                      The staff is so friendly and the Food is excellant!                                                          They even always give you a little sample of what is on the menu.              Wednesday is half price wine night. So we got a wonderful bottle of wine for only $17.00 and it was really good.  My girlfriend and i each had a different salad.        Very fresh and really good. We split the crab cake appetizers. Fabulous!                       I got the Burger and fries  Burger was great! Very moist ... My girlfriend got the Shrimp Tacos also very good, we were so full by the end of it all. Complementairy  bottled water . We love this place !
LOL @ Andrea K... Fun dirty place for sure, which is what makes it fun! ! Ping pong tables are sweet dude! Yeeeaaaahhh! Just actually came home from that area and we stopped there for a bit. . . Was cool when the 'DJ' played what we requested. Then we later found out he was part-owner. Seemed to work out pretty well. Only complaint is that the 'DJ' is  in a cage and we can't grab the mic and announce that the dance floor is happening and needs dancers!
My new favorite. Hands down. I don't care that it's a half-hour drive away. They have collard wraps!

And these are fanTAStic - all sorts of veggies and a delicious almond pate nestled in the aforementioned leafy green (and these were not at all bitter)...then dunked in a garlic cashew cream sauce....wow.

If we weren't stuffed, we would have made room for dessert, as it certainly beckoned our eyes, if not our stomachs. Will plan better next time.
update, and a warning to you.

repeat visit 1:
a nickel in the nachos, not a dime, a fucking nickel....last i check this is a major health violation.

repeat visit 2: 
egg shells in my Chorizo Burrito. 

on a positive note: i didn't see any insect diners on my table. but i didn't look underneath it in fear of seeing a swarm. remember that movie Candyman..remember the bee's in the toilet...yea that gives you a mental picture.

this place must have some serious pull to not have been shut down by now.
Simply the best (non-tart) frozen yogurt in the world!  Okay, that might be a little hyperbolic, but it's certainly the best I've ever had.  Golden Spoon trumps TCBY, Miss Karen's, and all other fro-yo competitors - perfectly light and creamy at the same time, with the most delicious flavors, and the best variety anywhere!  Mounds Bar, Cookies 'n' Cream, Heath Bar, Peanut Butter Cup, Espresso, Winter Mint, Cake Batter...the flavors are just fantastic!  I like that they have many sizes, although I inevitably end up taking home 3 or so larges for the week.  I guess what I'm trying to say is...I'm addicted to Golden Spoon!  Ah, it feels so much better getting that out there in the open.
I planned a bachelorette party and took a group of girlfriends here. I was 50/50 about the choice, because some of the mixed reviews. I can tell you now, the nay-sayers couldn't be more wrong about Spa Lamar!

Walking in, we were greeted with a super friendly staff who were willing to take pictures for us and take our bottles of wine/champagne to be served to us chilled. Then we got a tour of the place and I was very impressed. Some of the reviews I read said this place was outdated and I didn't get that at all. The decor is incredibly well done and very warm inside. Every room we went to was gorgeous and relaxing.

We spent time relaxing by the pool while each of us were escorted one by one to our separate services. In our group, we had swedish massages, full head of highlights, and the manicure. Everyone left satisfied and raved about Spa Lamar.

I would definitely come back here when I'm in Scottsdale and recommend this to my pickiest/snobbiest of friends from CA.

Oh and a tip: If you like your massages hard, ask for Jules. I never complain about a massage being too hard, but man did she put it to me!!
Once you've raised some Cane's you'll never go anywhere else again!  Amazingly fresh, authentic, and the sauce is terific!
The beer is alright, the food is mediocre. Lots of kinks to work out in their first two months of being open. Hopefully time will help them perfect the good thing they have started.
First, the customer service was horendous. I had to hunt someone down, then after helping my soon to be daughter in law pull one dress, disappeared never to return. This is suppose to be a special moment and as a sales associatem she should have stayed with her and pulled more dresses. 
Then, we had a hard time finding mid sized dresses. They were either really small or really big. To make it even more ridiculous, many of the dresses we saw had missing beads and were in sub-par condition. I knew I had an issue with off the rack, but this was much worse than I thought it would be. 

You cannot let the general public just try on multi layer beaded white dresses and not expect damage. If they had decent employees who knew how to actually assist customers, they might have a decent store.

It help me convince my DIL to go to a real bridal shop
This is the spot to get Gyros when I'm in AZ (will be back there in a few days).  I've been going here every time I visit for the last few years and it's been very consistent.  The same owners, same great food and service.  I've tried almost everything and the only complaint (if you can call it that) was when I got the Gyros salad, there was TOO MUCH meat on it.

Definitely a place I can trust when taking a friend to get some gyros for the first time..
I wouldn't bother to go back, but if you want decent Mexican food in that neighborhood it's alright.

Nice enough inside, except for two big TVs in the dining room (actually 3, but the one at the back was not turned on), one TV right above our head blaring a movie in Spanish.  The other TV was blaring a soccer game, and the sound on the TV was broken, going in and out.  It's bad enough to have the flashing TV in your peripheral vision, but two different soundtracks going on, plus people talking and crying kids made us wish we'd asked for takeout and sat out in the car to eat our food.   It was a drag sitting in there.

The food was average.  I had the carnitas and my husband had the flautas.  Lots of food, but not that flavorful.  Rosita's (on McDowell in central Phoenix) has carnitas that are 500% better.
I've gotta give the Merc five stars out of my duty of loyalty to Phoenix alone. It's just too intertwined with our local culture to be worthy of less from me. The Merc is, as many others have alluded to, Phoenix's hip answer to Scottsdale. Trendy but unpretentious. The perfect place to bring a condescendingly skeptical friend visiting from San Francisco or New York to shut them up for a while. Get a big enough group to come here and I don't see how it is possible to not have a good time. 

I brought a date here once. I know I know, don't know what I was thinking. Needless to say: don't do that.
One can find many an Italian restaurant in the city of Scottsdale.  Tutti Santi Ristorante Italiano by Nina's is tucked away in a strip mall off of Greenway and 64th street.  Very unassuming from the outside, Tutti Santi is a welcome respite from the heat that bears down in the summer months in Arizona. 

Their menu includes both cold and hot appetizers, many pasta dishes, and dishes with seafood or meat.  For a hot appetizer, their homemade gnocchi ($10.95, potato dumplings served with a bit of cream and topped with your choice of sauce) is a tasty appetizer to begin your meal. 

For a filling main course, Tutti Santi delivers a creamy Rigatoni Pipitone ($14.95) to satisfy one's pasta craving.  Their Rigatoni Pipitone consists of rigatoni pasta abundantly covered with creamy vodka tomato sauce and mixed in with ground sirloin.  Smooth and creamy, this is a decadent dish for any pasta lover.

At the end of the meal, you are given a complimentary shot of Sambuca liquor complete with three coffee beans (common serving style of Sambuca shot in Italy). Sambuca tends to have a black licorice taste.  This complimentary shot is good for any fan of the black licorice taste indeed.

Tutti Santi can be on the pricier end of Italian restaurants in Scottsdale.  One though, is given an ample serving for their price.   With a full selection of Italian specialties on their menu, one can find their favorite Italian dish easily at Tutti Santi.
My family and I ate here just a few days ago. It was an experience that left me yearning for more out of a restaurant I have seen so crowded over the years and decided to try with a group of 7 of us in the family. First off we got there at 10 am and were missing only two in our party so we had to wait to be seated which was fine. Once the rest of our party showed up at 10:07 we were not seated until after 10:30. When we were seated we were all scrunched together at a medium sized table that would comfortable seat 5 adults. Well, there were 7 of us total and needless to say it was very tight! The waitress stated that we could take our water and go wait back up front for a bigger table but we were looking at roughly 40 minutes of waiting again!!! Seriously? We ordered drinks first and the waitress brought my father his tomato juice and almost spilled it on him but instead spilled it all over her hand. Then she sat the glass down in front of him with juice on table and all over glass and left! She never came back with a wet towel to clean up her mess!! We all ordered and the food arrived quickly. This was the only part of the experience that was good, sadly to say. We received our food order for 7 of us within 15-20 minutes which was excellent. My uncle and grandmother both had charred toast (it was black, not just black around the edges) . The bacon looked like dried strips of hard leather. Overall, none of us will be returning to this place! It was is so overrated. We are headed back to RANDY'S here in Scottsdale to do our next family breakfast.
4 stars for the grilled cheese alone. MMMMM, smoked gouda.

Never had anything else, nor am I going to venture away from eating anything but the grilled cheese. Nothing really appeals to me, anyway. But I come here a lot because the grilled cheese is just that goooooooooood.

Did I mention the grilled cheese?
This place has pretty good Thai food. My favorite dish is the crab fried rice, followed by the eggplant stir fry. I highly recommend both of these dishes, which are well worth the trip. I find the curries to be a bit watery and the service is usually mediocre. Still, it's good Thai food within walking distance.
Pleasantly surprised!  This place is better than I expected
I like to go here with friends and sit on the patio when it isn't too hot. Sometimes the traffic on Scottsdale road can be noisy, but it is a great place to people watch.

All of the sushi I have ever tried at Stingray is great. However, my FAVORITE roll is the Las Vegas roll! I have ordered it at other restaurants, but it is never the same as here. This one is the best! I always get the Las Vegas roll when I go here or there would be no reason to go!

I don't like to sit inside because the music is so loud that you can't talk to anyone. Service can be a little slow at times, but they are always friendly. Bathrooms are weird in the respect that you have to close the outer door to the bathroom as well as the door to your stall - if you see it you will understand.
My sisters and I decided to do lunch here this past Sunday. It was freezing (for Az) outside and the windows were wide open. We sat at a table that still had not been cleaned yet, by the open window. 1. No one ever came over to clean up and we had to bus it ourselves 2. we got yelled at for closing the window. We closed the window b/c the wind was blowing in. The guy actually yelled across the room to yell at us..."ummm... could you not touch our window's?" Really??!!! Shut-up geek.  3. $1 extra for a piece of lettuce and paper thin cucumber 4. I could have had a better sandwich and experience...well anywhere else but here.
If more people would only go here they could afford to be so much more!  Probably the last thing worth going to left on Mill Ave. Well the book store is still cool.  This Theater has been around for decades and shows a lot of great indie films and old school movies.  Sure they show a few flops too but hey, thats indie cinema for ya.  Its small but most of the times the movies they are showing wont be airing anywhere else.  They do great horror nights, just did a John Hughes festival, and it's just a shame all those college kids with mommy and daddy's money dont know a thing about preserving historical assets.  Theyll get up in arms over some shitty frat houses, but anything of value . . . They just want more urban outfitters.  Ick.
Finally found a good Chinese restaurant in the area, yay!  It helps that they're highly affordable AND they offer their lunch specials even on the weekends.  I ordered my fave - a chicken lo mein lunch special for just over $6.  It comes (as many do) with eggroll, cup of soup, crab puffs, sweet & sour sauce and fried rice.  The noodles were perfect (hard to find the kind I like - firmer), the eggroll was really good (also hard to find, some have too much ginger, or they add cinnamon or there is too much pork flavor, blah blah blah), and they have a unique, yet yummy sweet & sour sauce.  About the Lo Mein:  flavors were bold and savory, there was plenty of chicken, the veggies were fresh.  The rice was also really good but the eggdrop soup was the best I've ever tasted.  I ordered it over the phone and ran to pick it up, it was ready in about 8 minutes and they were really professional, fast and friendly.  The food was hot and the crispies were crispy (hate soggy puffs/rolls).  I will definitely be back!
Great Chicken Parmesan sandwich. The lady was real friendly even though it was busy!
This is the new hot-date theatre in Tempe and is very busy. The parking at Tempe Marketplace for anything in this area is somewhat difficult and you may have to drive around quite a bit to find a spot. New releases or weekend movies are going to be packed to the brim. I don't go to this theatre very often...only when this is the only place close playing the movie I want to see of offering a time I can go. Otherwise I'd rather go to Cinemark down the street. On the other hand, I like that Harkins offers loyalty cups where you can get a cup for the year (same price as a large drink) and bring it for $1 refills.
Great little place in Park Central. made to order personal pizzas and salads, all for $7.95. Salads are huge, pizzas are made quickly in wood fired oven.  We were there on a quiet Labor Day, but on a workday it would be awesome for a quick lunch.  Food was great - loved the steak and blue salad.  I have to try  one of their specialized pizzas next time - pesto chicken or Hawaiian barbecue.  Oh, you have to try the Pookie - a warm chocolate chip cookie in a little pie pan with a big scoop of vanilla ice cream for only $3.00.
In a suburban sprawl filled with bland, recently franchised chains speckled everywhere, this deli shines like a diamond in the rough.  I love this place. It is my favorite deli in the Phoenix metro area.  Anyone that moves here from a place with good delis (like say... New York or Philly) will be sold after the first trip.  It's not dirt cheap, but high quality food is worth the moderate price.

If you're wondering what to expect, imagine this: a mafia informant got relocated to Arizona. His wife was feeling lonely so he brought his father-in-law over from the Old Country to keep her happy.  Being a cranky old codger, the pater familia became annoyed at the lack of quality delis in the Phoenix sea of chain restaurants.  So he started a little place where he could get good pasta, good sandwiches, and quality groceries when he wanted Mama to make some stuff at home.  And it's staffed by people who all speak english clearly... even if they have a mexican accent.

The service can be a little slow, but it's worth the wait if you've got 20-30 minutes to spare.  I don't have any kids, but I would gladly give up someone else's first-born for one of their "il purista" sandwiches.
I've never walked into a store like Walgreens and been greeted with such enthusiasm and and warmth.  I only came in buy some water, but I was greeted once upon walking into the store, another time while walking down an aisle and the cashier was gushing with customer service and wished me well as I walked out the door.

Color me super impressed!
I really like their bagels. Their bagels remind of Panera's. (East coast)
I went here for lunch today with some coworkers.  It was about noonish and the lunch rush we beginning but I have to admit the line moved fairly quickly.  I ordered the ruben and it arrived in well under 10 minutes as did the rest of my partys' orders.

I'm giving this place 4 stars as a solid lunch spot, but saying they are a "deli" is kind of pushing it a bit.  They do have some deliesq food, but I just can't call it a deli.  I mean they have wraps, fru fru salads, pictures of Europe on the walls, a salad bar, etc.

For 10 bucks I got a pretty decent sized sandwich, chips, drink and some ice cream so I can't really complain.  The ruben though was just ok by my standards and the other sandwiches looked just ok as well.  The bread was ok, the helping of meat was ok, the sauerkraut was ok.  Everything was ok.  I just compare everything to Chompies which is the closest you can get out here to a real deli and by far my favorite deli sandwich place around.
Well done, Cartel.  Well done!

I am in town for business, and needed a cup of coffee that is nearby.  Not having a rental car, I needed something within walking distance of my hotel ... who knew I would luck out and find this hidden gem so close! Not only was I very glad that I didn't have to fall back on my "safety cup" (SBUX - also nearby.  After all, when aren't they?) but I was very pleased with both the quality of the coffee as well as the friendliness of the barista.  (She happily shared that she and her sister had just returned from a barista competition in California and came back with not only some new tricks she was eager to try out, but a new-found love for her job.  Passion like this is rare, and I firmly believe is the secret ingredient to a successful cup of coffee).

My drink of choice is an americano with an extra shot, some cream and a couple raw sugars. (I know, I know... but hey, I like what I like!) That being said, it's also a risky choice. If the grind isn't right, I can often get stuck with an extra strong cup of undrinkable sludge.  My fears were quickly laid to rest as I took that first wonderful sip... Eureka!  Amazing.  

The only knock I would say is that they have the simple syrup for sweetening instead of granulated raw sugar (which is my preference). But, you know what?  That's the beauty of their shop... they do it their way. And the other thing?  While I was waiting for the bottle of syrup to be refilled, I snuck a sip without sweetener, and quickly realized I didn't need any sugar. It was silky smooth and wonderfully full flavored all on it's own (the way, I imagine, it's supposed to be, right?).  About the time I realized I no longer needed any sugar, she brought out the new bottle... and while feeling bad for making her go through the trouble for me, I passed on the sweetener and enjoyed the cup the way it was: perfect.  (I did pretend to put a couple pumps into the cup so she wouldn't feel like she did that for nothing.)

The atmosphere has a cool urban industrial vibe to it, and it really works.  The only bummer is that it was somewhat hidden and hard to find (nothing that pacing up and down University for a few minutes with my iPhone didn't fix, though).  But like wine is better for the struggle the grapes have to go through in the dry environment, this coffee tastes better because of the sense of adventure in finding it. Okay, now that may be a bit of a stretch, but it was definitely worth the little extra bit of effort to find it.  

I really like the name as well.  We all talk about caffeine as a drug, and the hardcore coffee drinkers (like myself) are addicted and willing to suffer less than ideal cups of "coffee" just to get our fix and avoid the dreaded headaches. So in a way, your barista is like your dealer... and their supplier?  The place they get their "stuff"... a cartel.  Brilliant.

All in all, this is a great joint and I look forward to the next four mornings here in town, because I know where I'm getting my fix...
If you're not full by the time you're done eating here, you are not human. If you have been here and feel like service was not 'up to par,' 'accommodating.' or 'it's dirty,' you obviously do not know what a real Asian restaurant is like. Believe me, most Asians dgaf when it comes to this but in my opinion, the more they dgaf, the better the food is. 

My family have been all around this state trying out Vietnamese restaurants and we have been coming back here despite the distance since I was little. Portions are big and prices are still cheap to this day, what more can you ask for?

No one does egg rolls better than them and no one, in my opinion can do a better pork and rice dish than them. If you're a novice, just simply order a #1: a big fat bowl of pho and nomlicious meat. Squeeze some lime in your broth, add some bean sprouts, and squeeze sriracha sauce and you have a meal fit for a really really obese 17th century king/queen. If you're not so much a noodle fan like I am, order a #41. I bet you have never eaten such succulent fatty pork in your life before. Douse the rice with the fish sauce and eat it all together with the lettuce they give you and you'll know what's going on. Or at least your stomach will.

Top it off with some Vietnamese iced coffee and I'm sure you'll be coming back to this somewhat shady but absolute gem.
Sat at the bar and had a delightful solo meal. Dinner is a bit more expensive than lunch, but they do have a $5 per item menu. On which, you will find the best greens beans ever (better than the casserole even)!  The food is fresh creative and you will find something for every one. I gave it four out of five stars bc of price and ambience. Food is a five!  I look forward to another visit with a group.
CHARLIES TACO STAND!!!!!

Charlies is one of the original Gay Bars in Phx. It is a great place to dance and hang with friends, great drink prices and they have a fun after hours. 

What I really love about Charlies is the taco stand outside. They are so addicting and will keep you coming back for more. Amazing prices on the food, great flavor on the tacos, burritos, quesadillas etc. They have great horchata too! The people that work the stand are the sweetest people. The guy in the trailer that chops the asada is a real cutie! I just go to Charlies sometimes just for the tacos. They are open really late and if you are out in down or midtown Phoenix I demand you to check them out.
I needed a margarita... yes, needed.  I needed it immediately and I needed it icy cold.  Closest watering hole was a mile away.... and it was open.  Via DeLosantos has a list of tequilas that is 2 pages long... you can get a terrific margarita and a good dinner for 2 for under $30.  

After our emergency first aid kit of frozen margaritas and margaritas on the rocks, we relaxed our way through 2 bowls of salsa, chips and guacamole... then came the tacos and chili rellenos....

The atmosphere is a little of Rocky Point meets garage-Quonset hut shabby Mexican craft chic.  It is ultra casual, but in my opinion, NOT seedy.  It's colorful, and loud, and comfortable with liberal use of paint.

It was the perfect way to wind down after a long day.... I think I'll have one more.

Did i mention that the house Margaritas are $.99.  Good too
Here's a sample experience at MacAlpines:

Wow! A real, old fashioned soda parlor! Whoa, look at all this vintage stuff! Hey, check out the menu! Oh hell yeah I love this kind of candy, I haven't seen this in forever! Oh maaan 99 flavors of soda what the whaaat! 

Mmm.. pina colada soda, wait, the butter pecan is even better! No, taste the margarita! Wait, they're refillable! AHHH!!!! VANILLA COKE! BUBBLEGUM! MORE BUTTER PECAN! HEY THERE'S CHOCOLATE! GIVE ME AN IRISH CREAM FLAVOR! PUT CARAMEL IN IT! ANOTHER CARAMEL, THIS TIME WITH CHOCOLATE! WE HAVEN'T EVEN TRIED THE ICE CREAM, WE NEED THIS ONE WITH ICE CREAM IN IT. MORE ICE CREAM YUM THRIFTY ICE CREAM!!!!!!!

Holy shiznit, that soda.... 'twas nothing but awesome... I don't feel so good.

*passes out in the car*

Arrives home.

*passes out for fifteen hours*

Awakens with a hangover more vicious than the Thursday following Wine Wednesdays at ASU. Remembers MacAlpines fondly while taking 3 Ibuprofen. Goes back to sleep.
Did a spray tan with Angela today - I LOVE IT! I had to go a shade darker (6) because they were out of the 5.  I was nervous but so happy they were out, because it brought me out of my comfort "tan" and now I love it even more!
The pulled pork was good, the sweet and spicy sauce was good, the mac and cheese was insane!
Very loud, and overwhelming environment.  Personally I found it rather stressful, I guess it depends on your tastes.  The food was reasonably priced and tasty.  A good place to take kids, since the noise would easily drown out any tantrums they might throw.  I guess that is a positive, right?
This popcorn is really delicious.Ingredients are rich. It's a good choice to spend time with it.
I work right next to Donna's... and I just think these guys are the bees knees. Great breakfast... totally reasonable prices... incredibly nice staff people. I am addicted to their breakfast burritos.

For what it's worth, Donna's is actually the bakery that supplies a lot of the Asian Markets around town.
I like Pei Wei. I have been to this location about 10 times & the down town location about 3 times. I usually order the honey seared chicken with white rice, it's yummy! Their edamame isn't bad either. My hubby likes their pork egg rolls & mongolian chicken. One item I did not care for were the crab wontons, I also didn't care for their sweet & sour sauce that came with them. Last night when I picked up a to go order, the manager informed me they were out of chocolate chip cookies, I had ordered one with my online order. So he kindly gave me a $10 gc & told me to come back for a chocolate chip cookie on the house, now that is awesome customer service! I will definitely keep returning.
Three words...REAL HOME COOKING! This is a small hole in the wall run by a family. Came here tonight based on their yelp reviews & am not let down:)!!

If you don't have time to relax & wait for your food, don't come here just yet. They will be moving to a larger location in Feb 2013.
We have now been here twice and the food is really good. It has a small family owned feel to it.  The baked apple pancake thing  and vanilka ice cream is worth it.
A pasta place for meat lovers and truly a fantastic dining experience.  The food was original and perfectly executed, nice environment (not too big, not too small) and great service.  Cant wait to go back.
This place is good for folks who like TT roadhouse and complain that TT has gotten to friendly.  It is a hold in the wall with great bands.  They serve PBR and the door to the mens room doesn't close affording you a great view of the urinal.  It has incredible art on the wall and attracts a mix of hipsters, rockers and general neighborhood folks.  Nothing fancy here.  Leave the stilletos and ironic shirts at home.  There is a pool table.  (as in one, pool table).  There are plenty of vinyl booths in this pretty small bar.  On nights they have a band playing there is a $3.00 cover.  Not bad for some local entertainment.
Helpful personnel and wide variety of new and used books... Love it and I will return!
We were staying at the resort for a July 4th "staycation."  We decided to splurge and have dinner here the night of the 4th. What a great decision!  The food was excellent, the view to die for, and being able to watch the fireworks around the valley from the comfort of our window front table was phenomenal.  I'd go back here in a heartbeat.
Not your usual Mexican fare! We dropped in on a Saturday evening without reservations and were seated right away. There was live music, but it wasn't so loud that we couldn't have a conversation at our table. The food is very good and unique.  For example, the guacamole made tableside contains cubes of avocado, chopped red onion and cilantro, lime, and pomegranate seeds. I had a delicious torta with chicken, poblanos, and onions - my daughter had beautiful chicken tacos.  The prices are not inexpensive, but the portions are huge!  The atmosphere is fun and although the neighborhood looked a little iffy, we felt comfortable parking in the back and walking around the corner.
Wow...if you are looking for a great date bar to take a lady for a fine drink and want to set the mood....this place is definitly at the top of the list for me and you would be wise to place it on yours as well.  Super dark, swanky, candles, couches,great dj and some nites they have live acoustic.  If your date is not into you by the end of the evening at this place she never will be my man.  I am pretty sure if Tiger had a mistress in Phoenix and didnt want to be seen he would take her to Merc Bar.
A 40 mile round trip drive only to be told by the snotty butcher that you can only buy stuff that is listed on their web site as for sale if you're on "The List"?  Yeah, no thanks. I'll just keep going to Hobe Meats and ordering stuff online.

If you do decide to bother with this place, call ahead. Just because they have it on their web site with a price next to it apparently doesn't mean it's actually for sale.  While calling, also ask how to get put on "The List", because that info isn't on their site either.
This is right in my neighborhood..so I tend to frequent it allot..because I like what they have on the  menu,  even though the "cheap" liquor  they carry, really does not equate to the food or the foodies that eat here. They put in a great new bar, new lighting...but if you don't have premium alcohol, how are you going to fill it up. The bar service was below average ..how come when a place is not all that busy..the service is slow?? Makes no sense. Anyway..I came here for the carpaccio..which I loved, loved loved..obviosly no one else did ..because it is now off the menu...seriously..I don't know why I would go back...no Belvedere Vodka, no carpaccio, ..ah..a sad sad day...I can only eat the deviled eggs twice a year, it's all the Angel in me will allow..RM just needs to up it's menu and it's game...I love this little place..but come on...NO Carpaccio!!!! and I miss Doug!
There are many reasons to totally love Pita Jungle:  great food, cheap food, fresh food, and for those that go the Tempe location, hot girls.  First, the food.  Everything here is super fresh and there is a wide variety of things to try.  I've had just about everything on the menu, and so far I highly recommend the pizzas, the black bean burger, and the Philly chicken pita.  The hummus here is also very good and I get it every time I come here.  Some of my friends say it is a bit "yogurty," but I've always found it very tasty.  And this may just be a little thing that I like, but the iced tea here is that passion fruit kind, which really makes me a happy boy.  And for those of you that enjoy some "scenery" while you are dining, the Tempe location is full over hot coeds there for a quick, cheap, healthy bite to eat.  I have not found any variation in the food quality at all the different locations, so stop on by any one of them for a great healthy meal.  Great for take-out as well.
Best best place to eat and drinks.
Tiny little place in Phoenix, with a great reputation. Parking is tough here and I can't imagine coming on a busy night - I stopped in late afternoon on my way from PHX to Sedona. The guys who run the place are awesome and the food did not disappoint. Very much worth a visit if you are pizza dork.
Really love this place.  It has a very home feel to it and everyone is super nice.
Food is not stellar, but way above average and well worth the extra trip.
Nice place. Clean and modern, simplistic decor. Only giving four rather than five stars because the vegetarian pho was made with chicken broth. I was really looking forward to a big bowl of yummy pho, but last time I checked vegetarians don't eat chicken. The waiter, however, was super nice and I appreciate that he told me about the broth before I ordered and he helped me find something I could eat instead. (I had a rice vermicelli bowl w/o fish sauce instead -yum!) Great, small local beer selection and good happy hour prices. Didn't sit on the patio, but it looked nice especially for the cooler AZ days. Try to sit near the front of the restaurant if you don't want to be near the dish bussing station.
I'm only willing to give this a 2 because I think the restaurant has potential.  I've now gone twice because my friend stands by it being the best in the area.  Every time I've gone, the servers completely ignore us.  During the first time, it took about 10 minutes to get a menu.  Maybe another 15 to get a simple gin & tonic.  When the server finally decided to come back around to see if we wanted to eat (we'd been looking for her for a while) we ordered a small amount of food.  20 minutes later a new server delivers the food (which was warm and awful).  We sat around for about 15 more minutes waiting for our checks (which were delivered by yet another new person).  They finally take our money and also take their sweet time bringing back the change.  I will openly admit that I did not tip.   I forgot to mention that this was at night.  It was a little busy, but eventually completely died.  After the crowd disappeared, we still got completely ignored.

The second time I decided to give it a chance, we went for lunch.  The service was a bit better.  I could only assume that the other person helping our server was the manager.  He flat-out lied to my face, which upset me very much.  I asked for a gin & tonic again.  The server goes to put that drink order in and the manager comes up to me saying their out of both gin and tonic.  I ordered a vodka cranberry instead.  It was awful.  Probably no vodka in it.  My friend pointed to the shelves of liquor where there stood in plain sight a bottle of Tanqueray and a bottle of Bombay.  Thanks manager for being such an asshole.  Once again the food came out at a warm temperature.  It was very hard to keep down.  

After the 2nd trip, I've decided not to come back.  It's awful service, management, and mediocre food.  I highly advise that the owner or GM takes a good look at his staff and the way things are being ran.  It's a bad restaurant in every way.
Love at first bite! Papa Verde de mi corazon! 
Translation: Green Potato (not dad, lol) of my heart! 

I've been stalking this food truck for a while via their location texts (you can sign up for them on their website) & had yet to be close enough to give them a try.... UNTIL I went to the Science Center and BAM!! There they were, just waiting for me :D

When in doubt, I ask for recommendations. The guy taking my order told me his favorite quesadilla was the Papa Verde with chicken. So I said "I'll take that!". To tell you the truth, it looked like a common quesadilla in it's little box, but ohhhhh, sirree!!! It was anything but common! It was a burst of flavor with every bite & the potato and green chile sauce really made it awesome! 

They had run out of Horchata, which I REALLY wanted to try, so I got the limeade. It was yummy! Fresh with just the right amount of sweet and tart. I also really like that it came in a mason jar :)
It is brave to make yet another Mexican restaurant in an area flooded with them. The key here is uniqueness.

At first I was a bit reluctant as restaurants in hotels don't tent to be that great.

On the outside there is a bright orange eatery inside a repainted old hotel. The entrance is also the hotel lobby entrance, and the hostess stand is located awkwardly in the middle of the dinning room.

For lunch it was quiet busy with with many parties of 2 filling up the 4 tops and a sole person holding down a table of 8, so we sat at the dark bar.

A quick glance at the menu found a few veggie options like veggie tacos and fish tacos. I went with 2 veggie one fish and we split a guacamole.

The guacamole was good, rough mashed avocado with cojeta cheese on top. The real star was the red hot sauce, it was thick like a paste, and had a really deep flavor beyond that of just spicy. The chips were nothing special.

Our tacos arrive in a neat meal \/\/\/ . With one lime per 3 tacos.  The veggies were good nicely roasted with a nice texture and savory rich flavor. The tortilla was a crude hand made tortilla that had a moist thickness to it that I liked.  The fish in the fish taco had a great flavor sear to it.

I saw on the board a 2 for 1 taco Tuesday that would be a great deal. Either way I just want more of that hot sauce.
Not the best place ever. There's indoor and outdoor seating but indoor its just 1 huge room. Nothing to split the room up at all, I can see everyone and everything. I also found it strange how my waitress had an earpiece in with wires sticking out all on the top of her shirt. I don't care about the earpiece it's just the wires that drew my attention to the earpiece. When I ordered my omelet I asked for bacon and cheese ONLY! When I received my omelet I had tomatoes in it. This made me very disappointed and I had to pick around all the tomatoes. Also it wouldn't hurt to season your food, my omelet and potatoes needed salt and pepper. But after I put the salt and pepper on the food was pretty good. I would like to go back, hopefully it will be a better experience.
**sigh** I have a love hate relationship with Crack-in-the-box.  Oddly enough, I love their eggrolls and sourdough hamburger but try to not eat anything else! Unfortunately, they just added mini funnel cakes to the menu.  I had to try them.  Happy to report they won't be a new addiction.  

Might see ya there.
When my wife and I visited for the first time last weekend, the owner was so happy to see us as well as explain the whole menu and recommend what we should get.  We ordered the combo plate and loved it!  We also got his secret formula lemonade, a slice of delicious Halvah and Turkish coffee afterwards.  You have to request the hot sauce and mix it with the hummus (per the owner's recommendation).  We got such great customer service and were really impressed with their spice selection, this will not be the last time we visit!
I can't believe I have not written a review for this Wildflower.  I have been coming to this location for over 8 years, even before their remodel.  Before the twins I used to love hanging out with my hubby on Sunday mornings having breakfast and reading the paper.  That went out the window once the twins came, but I still go for lunch a few times a month.  They have this amazing Chicken, Pistachio Pomegranate salad.  I am hooked on it.  The only thing that is annoying about this place is how busy it gets and how many people hog the big booths.  I have seen so many individuals taking the whole booth just for them and their pc.  They seem to have been there so long, so many of them have their bare feet up on the other side of the booth, yes, I mean you skinny guy on the booth next to me.  I didn't need to see your feet.  EEK.
Went tonight during CCV's Neon Dash. Food was awesome, as usual. Staff was plentiful, friendly, and attentive.  Had my usual...... Steak and Bleu with chips. Also had a churro this time. It was more than enough to eat!  Leftovers for lunch tomorrow. Son had Carnae Asada and a churro. Mango Lemonades for both of us. Thanks Tim, Kim, and crew for a great time!
Tire places are notorious for ripping you off, especially used tire places. They sell you tires that, if you're lucky, will manage to NOT fall apart until you get home at a ridiculous price. The guys treat you like you know less than nothing because you happen to be a chick, and that's if you're lucky enough to find a place that speaks English. I've shopped at enough used tire places to know that Frontier Tires is a rare gem. So many times I've tried to call a tire place to ask if they have a tire in stock, and the person who picks up the phone speaks little to no English so I get little to know information. 

The guys at Frontier are great. My partner and I rolled up on a Saturday morning. They got us both in and out within about 20 minutes. The guy was really nice, spoke English perfectly which was great, and gave us a deal on the tires. My partner remarked that she liked going places "that treat her like a lady." That is to say, not like a dumb female. 

When they're putting a used tire on your car, they bring you the tire first so you can check it out, make sure they're not sticking you with a bald tire. I've never seen a place do that. The guy who was helping us even tracked my partner down while we were sitting in the lobby, waiting to pay to make sure she was fine with the tire he was going to put on her car. 

The service is top notch, the used tires are between $20 and $40 each, which sure beats $100+ per tire. They have a huge selection of even the "odd" tires, like mine. I would definitely recommend these guys to anyone needing a tire.
If you are familiar with the Serrano's Mexican Food Restaurant, a popular family owned business, then you have to try Brunchies! The Serrano family business dates back to 1929; what used to be their clothing department store is now their breakfast and lunch restaurant located on Arizona Avenue and Boston in downtown Chandler, right next to their Serrano's Mexican Food Restaurant. Although Serrano's is a delicious mexican restaurant, Brunchies is a well-known joint in downtown Chandler that has many loyal regulars. I consider myself a regular, only because I have friends that work there, so I'd say I have a connection. This restaurant is the place to go if you have cravings for one of the best breakfasts in Chandler. Entering Brunchies has quite the vintage southwestern theme and having a great staff knowing their environment like it's their home and treating each table with great service. The food never fails my appetite and I'm positive if you give this place a try you'll surely be satisfied. 
The memory of the first time I went here was with my family and relatives. As I observed Brunchies, they were pretty packed, filled with people waiting in line to be seated, and this was around breakfast time too. They have several rooms for diners which includes a room with a large view of a water fountain, that I thought was pretty cool. Looking around me, the ambience of this restaurant is quite a casual, family-friendly environment which I mostly prefer in restaurants. There are two entrances, the front and the back door. Along the walls are Arizona articles about the history and greatness of this place, old newspapers identifying how old Brunchies is and pictures of people who have their connection to Brunchies and the growth of Chandler. Seeing and reading some of the many historic and artifacts along the walls are interesting, it makes this restaurant a vintage classic in my opinion. And not to leave out the cool, firm looking statue of a man holding a tray of mints for you to take when you exit the restaurant. Another great detail of this restaurant is the service.
The staff of Brunchies is quite the crew that ranges from teenagers, young adults and elders. Everytime I walk in I am greeted nicely by mostly everyone. With every server, I always have a pleasant time. The ambience of Brunchies is what I enjoy. On the weekdays it is always steady and chill but the weekends are the best because it gets busy and more family oriented, which I both like because of the company it brings to the atmosphere in Brunchies. Next best thing to Brunchies other than service is their fine quality food. 
Whether you are looking for breakfast or lunch they have a huge variety of both Mexican or American and southwestern inspired food to satisfy your hunger. The price is very affordable in my opinion, the meals I usually get range from only $7 to $10. With their breakfast menu you have much to choose from. With breakfast, everything is a great selection that includes their farm scrambles, pancakes, french toast, breakfast burros, enchiladas and skillets. On the lunch menu you have options of burgers, wraps, quesadillas, burros, tacos, homemade soups, specialty salads and sandwiches. All these foods are quality made and each meal on the menu has a southwestern or mexican inspired name. My classic two meals I always get when I go to Brunchies is either the "Farmer", a chicken fried steak with two farm fresh eggs or the "Chorizo skillet", Mexican pork sausage, topped with two farm fresh eggs and the special home fries. Also, the portions in each meal are huge. I usually come in with a big appetite, but I rarely do finish so I always box it up to take home.
I got the chance on Friday June 22nd, waking up from a thirsty Thursday festive night to catch a bite. The hours of Brunchies Monday-Friday 6am-2pm, Saturday and Sunday from 6am-3pm. I was hoping to catch an interview from the manager, but sadly I did not, although I got an interview from two servers, Adam and Allen. These guys and the rest of the staff know how to keep each table happy and satisfied. I asked a lot of questions, and one that really stood out for me was when I asked, "What do you like most about Brunchies as a server? A server named Adam Nieland responded, "Sometimes days can be tough with the main job requirements of pleasing our customers, but at the end of the day us as a staff work as a great team and the relationships we carry with each other and a lot of our customers is like family."
To me this review is easily a 5-star rating for me, but looking through yelp I see many things going wrong. Out of 58 reviews, being overall 3 and half stars; I see 2 and 3 stars. Obviously these people don't see the perspective of what I see, maybe I always go at a good time so I can get the good service I want?
 At the end of the day, breakfast is the most important part of the day. The great part about this place is that you can come in and get a great breakfast even at lunch
Surprisingly good, 
Went with my bro up here since he was dying to go to Westgate (not a fan of it) but all in all it was a good place for drinks and a turkey burger that happened to be delicious. Did I mention we sat next to Sir Charles Barkley.
Good food and reasonable prices.  I loved the mac and cheese... although very heavy :)
I had a wonderful experience at Babbo tonight! Seated right away, server came to our table right after we were seated for our drink order.  Wine is good and very reasonably priced.  All 3 of the entrees we ordered were amazing! Even the bread is delicious! Nicole was our server and she couldn't have been more accommodating. We will be back!!!
Still one of the best happy hours around! Half price (delicious) appetizers. More to choose from than a bunch of fried appetizers!  My favorites are the Shrimp & Guacamole Bites and the Street Tacos.

Margaritas are always good! Bartenders are super busy but still always friendly, smiling and having a great time. Plus, happy hour is in the entire restaurant, not just the bar area, don't see that much anymore.
From the Salty Sow Restaurant in Phoenix... Triple Fried Duck Fat Fries with 110 minute egg and cold béarnaise...one of the most delicious guilty pleasures ever...I was so intrigued by the 110 minute egg I had to dig deeper and discovered an entire science behind the time and temperature of cooking eggs. Of course it all has to do with texture and what has been determined is that longer slow cooking in non-boiling water allows the egg yolk to take on the guise of other foods such as sweetened condensed milk, mayonnaise, honey, cookie icing and Marmite respectively.  The viscosity of the yolk is determined by the final cooking time...at 110 minutes the yolk resembles cookie icing. 
The fries alone were golden, crisp and had absorbed the flavor of the duck fat in a way that brings to mind and mouth the taste of that first bite of crispy duck skin at your favorite Chinese restaurant and pairing them with a chilled Béarnaise sauce that had just a touch of acid from the white wine vinegar was a great culinary choice. Add to this already decadent once-a-year treat the 110 minute egg and you have yourself an appetizer lifted from the ordinary to the spectacular. You hold your breath, break the quivering, golden yolk with your fork and then, letting your senses take over, double dip that fry into the Béarnaise and the Yolk...the mouth feel is one of cream, crisp and a touch acidic...you want to stop after a few because your inner voice is telling you this much goodness can't be good for you but you push on and make a deal with yourself to skip dessert...for the next year...just to have one more bite.  In honor of the Salty Sow I'm giving this dish 5 little piggy's...
I showed up and the parking lot was full and the line was packed.  Don't let that discourage you.  We had our food within 10 minutes still.  This place is great!  Casual, clean and authentic.  I loved the Pollo Quesadilla.  Don't forget salsa or guacamole in the salad area. I love Backyard Tacos!
Don't even think about going here unless you enjoy rude customer service and bad work.
Sooooo....if I'm feeling saditty this is where I go for too loud music and a lot of sports on multiple tvs throughout! Clean and spacious and the food is yummy despite the occassional grumpy server. Its pricey but that is expected from a 'higher end' sports bar! I don't have any major complaints and I do have a compliment on the great desserts! I am a sweets whore and they fulfill me needs quite well! Great place for a group meet and eat!
I found this company through the BBB site.  Looking for someone with a good setup, and no major complaints.  All I really needed was for someone to mow down all weeds in my yard, and ensure that the weeds wouldn't come back.

After filling out a form on their website,  I was contacted that evening.  We had our initial discussion on what I wanted, and I was able to get an estimate within a few days.

The price was very fair, and they did exactly what I wanted with my yard.

Prompt, concise and fair.   My kind of business.
It was late on a Sunday night when we returned from our trip to Colorado... just a few days after becoming engaged, but news travels fast - not only did I have Yelp compliments, facebook notes on my wall, emails, texts, and phone calls, but I also had a box waiting on my doorstep.

Like a little kid, I tore it open and was pleasantly surprised to see the cutest package ever.  It was a gift package from Urban Cookies custom designed just for us!  Not only was there a sweet message on the box, but it even had a picture of us on the box... and it was wrapped in adorable ribbon.  

Inside the box was an assortment of cookies... 2 of each kind.  Also included was a sheet that contained descriptions of each cookie and instructions for heating up the cookies, making them crispier, and even freezing them.  My sweet tooth came on strong tonight and I remembered we had these cookies in our freezer - luckily my fiance didn't eat them all while I was out of town last week.

I decided on the "Urban Cookie" - ingredients include dark chocolate from Peru, rolled oats, toasted walnuts, and gourmet coconut bits.  I also made myself a cup of hot chocolate to go with it.  I think I am in cookie heaven.  I demolished the entire cookie but really tried to savor each bite.  

I'm excited to try the other flavors - I just hope I get to them before my fiance does!  I will likely use Urban Cookies for gifts in the future - they did a wonderful job!  If you consider yourself or someone you know a "Cookie Monster" or a "Cookie Connoisseur," you must go get some Urban Cookies!
I loved the place. Very modern & hip. The burgers were great and easy to create whatever type of burger you could ask for without being rude :)

The outdoor patio is great to sit at too, as long as its not summer time!
The chile rellano and taquitos were excellent in strip mall ambiance!
Split a dinner to save money with a friend, and while it saved us money, the meal was just so-so.  Chips were great tasting but salsa choices were either very hit or very bland (strong onion taste).  We combined the two for a slightly better taste.

Ordered the taco/enchilada combo, tacos were bland, no real flavor and enchiladas were descent but also bland.  

Service was good, waitress checked in on us often, however never asked us about dessert.  Probably would not come back.
We recently stopped into the Apple store after months and months of research and picked up a new iMac.  We knew the computer would be awesome.

We chose this one instead of Arrowhead (we are about equal distance from both) because we could just walk out and put it in the car, instead of having to lug it through a mall with all to see.  The people were pretty good, we went in once before to look at the computer before buying and the sales rep that helped us actually talked us down from buying a more expensive model, that saved us about $400. They even took it out and set it up with us in the store so it was just plug and go once we got home.
Food was good till you go in the restroom. Terrible sewer smell and the next day stomach was not very happy!
first impressions were definitely cool, calm and collective. good vibes and a great atmosphere.  the pinot noir wine was very smooth bodied and full flavored. visiting from Sierra Vista I never heard of this place. Pizza is great! I recommend all to try it.
This restaurant is located in The Sanctuary, a posh mountainside spa and resort. Prices for midday lunch at the bar were reasonable, but our waiter was terribly slow and unattentive w/ no good excuse. Other patrons noticed and he started comping things, but unevenly. We ate at the bar - the caesar salad and sandwich (which they did graciously split for us) were both, fine, but nothing to write home about.  It had a cool little vibe I guess and in a really pretty hotel.
I love yogurt ini. It tastes so good, especially after a day of work! You can choose from  about 17 flavors and 60 or so toppings!
The Van Gogh exhibit is very much worth seeing. Floor to ceiling video display of his works, with some floor panels exhibiting video as well. 

Each wall, of which there are many in this maze of an exhibit has video playing. This means that although there are people wandering through, you'll be able to glance left or right and see the video on another wall. Obviously, the more crowed the museum, the more difficult to see, but it only takes about 30 minutes for the video to complete it's cycle.  You can stay and see the parts you may have missed as it starts over on a continuous loop. 

On exit, you can buy a book and video. I don't recommend the video, it seems to have been shot while the exhibition was open to the public so you have people wandering through the DVD scenes as it's being filmed. It's not so much that they obscure the view, it's just simply too distracting. 

If you're a member it's only $8 for the exhibit, slightly more if you're not a member. Go, it's worth it. 

It's OK for teens but the younger children we saw there were bored to the point of being somewhat disruptive.
Phoenix Magazine got it right naming this little neighborhood jewel as one of "The Best New Restaurants in Phoenix!" Service was attentive and helpful with the very eclectic menu.

Have ordered five dishes that were each unique ("Roasted Beets"), satisfying ("Fried Chicken and Waffles"). very tasty ("Catfish Oscar") and a twist on the normal ("Garden Salad"). Desserts, based on the "Pear Cake," are absolutely out of this world and NOT to be missed! In addition to my savoring the selections, adjacent diners were raving about their selections, different from mine, as well!

Will easily, with one or two more visits, become my "Favorite in Phoenix," if both the quality and taste continue to excel and somehow I believe they will.
This was a perfect date night after a horrible week of not seeing my husband due to his job.

We knew we wanted to go out for dinner and Breadfruit has been on my list of places to go since we moved here.  Finally, tonight was the night;  we decided to go.

We didn't have a reservation but went around 5:30.  Early dinners suit us.
They seated us outside; tonight was perfect for it.  Around 80 degrees and amazing.  NO chill, just perfect and comfortable.

Rum punch so good! Scallops delicious (we shared them).  I had the lobster, he had the house special, red snapper.  We were both very happy with our meals.  The portions were perfect.  We love experiencing more flavors and high quality food over large portions.  I love leaving a meal not feeling stuffed, but perfect content.  This was that feeling.

All the drinks, which came recommended by our great server, were smooth and oh so good.  (the coconut bread pudding was also very yummy and crisp on the outside and soft on the inside; i wanted a little something like creme fraiche or a small bit of ice cream for it, but it was very good on it's own)

I would certainly return again, but it was definitely a splurge.  But a very happy splurge. :)
I went here for linner today as I had a groupon (yay for using up my groupons!). The BF and I got there around 3 oclock so the place wasn't so busy, there were still a few tables in there, though. They have some interesting things on their menu, but I decided to be kind of safe and got the 1/2 sandwich and 1/2 salad combo with the thyme chicken and goat cheese salad. They were both good, but the sandwich was better than the salad. The salad looks like they always use the same base salad and then just throw the extras that make it a 'specialty' salad on top. That was alright though. I thought the fried goat cheese was good, the balsamic that I got with it was weirdly thick, but tasted good. The chicken on the sandwich was tasty. The thing that got me was they make this huge deal out of their making their own bread, but it's not anything special. It kind of tastes like nothing.... weird. The BF got the still crazy after all these years sandwich, which is fried mozzarella and veggie (which was what I wanted! but the BF is pickier than me so I let him have it). This was pretty good too.... I mean, what isn't when it's fried? He said the sandwich would have been better had it had fried tomatoes and melted cheese instead of fried cheese.... I thought it tasted good. He got fries as his side (even though I urged him to get the mashed potato pie thing.... *sigh) and they were good, they tasted kind of beer battered. Although this place was good, I wouldn't wait in line to eat here.
This park surprises me every time.  It is huge.  Drove by for years and one day ventured in with my pup.  Nice spot in the middle of Phoenix.
Probably would vote best bbq in city.   I love BBQ and eat at many places with BBQ.  Beans are terrific and great sweet potato fries rock.  BBQ sauce is chefs own and so is the rub, he competes and this is how his story begins, check this place out and you won't regret it.  Must try ribs and brisket.   Service is great and family friendly.  Recommend this place and hope to see them on Drive in Diners and Dives in the future. AWESOME FOOD.  If you try it email DDD and see if you can get them to show up, this is a great place and one of the only places that has a local smoker onsite (BIG PLUS).
2 of us shared the Chopped Salad and the 2 Brothers Pizza. Both were great, and plenty for both of us. We got the tarts comp, i guess to spread the word, and they were pretty special. Great patio and fires. I could recommend the Hop Knot beer and the Sauv Blanc. Both were great and hit the spot. Will definitely return to try again.
I really feel like it's my duty to warn others that if you come to this Wendy's to please bring your patience. Please don't stop here for a quick bite or if you're in a rush. The people here work at their own pace. They are all very friendly, but this area is full of retirees and quite a few of them work here. They will chat with you all day about various things, but you have to be willing to give about 10 minutes more of your time whenever you place an order. 

I repeat this specific Wendy's is not a "fast" food joint, but my order here is always right.  :)
UPDATE: Shady's has some serious doorperson issues for a small lounge.

I was a regular here for a while since I am a big fan of the jukebox, cheap strong pours, super clean bathroom, lounge seating and some of the bar set up. I have had some good times here. 

Over the past year and a half, I have to say I have witnessed some serious attitude at the door, more than any club in Scottsdale. One friend, a 5'4 red haired guy wearing a new kids on the block sleeveless shirt was denied admission, I finally hassled w/the bartender and gave me an extra shirt for him to wear since he was visiting out of town. It really soured everyones mood, I am sure the no sleeveless rule is intended for the wifebeaters the "locals" who may want a beer in hipster enclave may disturb.  I couldnt' convince anyone with me that night to go back, i was convinced it was a fluke.

But each time I went back, I felt a distinct bad feeling from the rude and dismissing door douches, the bartenders in general felt less friendly, the crowd more douchey and not fun to start casual conversations with at all, and all those annoying chairs just stitting in the middle of the bar starting to get on my nerves.

I went there recently with a co-worker, parents are from the Caribbean, and were immediately met with hostility at the door. I was embarrassed at that point. We were ignored for a drink for a while, managed to find a seat and everyone pretty much stared at us. I felt terrible bringing my friend to what I realise is an exclusive, asshole drenched place and realized all my friends had been right before.

I really can't feel good about promoting this place anymore, the magic is definitely gone on how I feel about Shady's-I still love the space, but that is it.
Steer clear from their fish tacos! They were absolutely horrible!  The side of rice and beans were tasteless! Chips and salsa were good and that was it!
What's not to love about Tempe Public Library?  It's not huge, but they have a book store inside and it's so cheap.  You can grab a hard-cover book that's in PRISTINE shape for, literally, 50 cents.  How fucking awesome is that?  Really, really fucking awesome!

Their selection of movies is always really great.  From this place, I have rented some amazing stuff:  The 7th Seal, The Thin Blue Line, Overlord.  I saw A Taste of Cherry here, which sucked, but I shall not fault the library because the movie SOUNDED really amazing, but it ended up being a long-ass movie about a guy driving around.  Talking.
My wife and I were invited to the pre-grand opening thing here last night.  It was pretty much like I expected; free food, pretty busy, etc., etc.

The actual location is very nice, very new and very clean so no complaints there.  Their entire staff from the people running the event to the managers to the cashier were all very fast, friendly and helpful.

I didn't really know what to make of this place.  Is it fast food?  Is it a nice, sit-down type of place?  I think it is a small, more "upscale", "boutiquey" Fudruckers.  I'm not saying that is a bad thing.  Just saying that is what I thought of the place.  

Anyway, about the food:

* Smashwedge Salad - my wife and I shared this and it was very good.  Very odd though (in a good way) for a fast food place.

* Classic Smashburger - Excellent.  Perfectly juicy and tasty.  Definitely one of the best fast food burgers I've tasted.  You can see and taste that the ingredients were very fresh.

* Smashfries and Sweet Potato Smashfries = No bueno!!!  I was really looking forward to eating these, but I didn't think they were very good at all.  I just do not enjoy rosemary on my fries.  French fries shouldn't taste like soap or something.  I don't know - maybe I'm just not fancy enough to like random herbs on my fries.  At the very least they could have went farther down fancy lane and provided some aioli which would have been nice.  Next time I'm going to hold the flowers and order regular fries for sure.

I know I wasn't paying but I feel this place is overpriced.  An average of $6-$7 for a burger or chicken sandwich seems a bit high.  By the time you add fries and a drink you are over $10 which is way high for a fast food place.

I really wanted to try the veggie frites but they were out so maybe next time I'll give them a whirl.  I may give the fried pickles a shot as well because I am very curious as I had never tried one before.

Anyway, my first Smashburger experience was a pleasant one and I would like to return to get another burger, try their regular fries, get some veggie frites and maybe a fried pickle.
Customer service was great and the scenery is amazing! Love the fact that everything is very conveniently close by!
Food was not that good.  Did not get our orders correct.  Lacks seasoning and flavor! There are definitely better places to go!
What a hidden gem.   The food was delicious, the owners were so incredibly kind and friendly.  Thanks for a wonderful experience!
Really love this place.  Drive from Scottsdale every Sunday to have coffee and breakfast.

The coffee is good and well made.  I really like the cold tody.
The food, overall, is very good.  I love the breakfast croissant .  I was disappointed in the french toast and the crepe is not a crepe by any means.

The service is very friendly and it's a fun place to hang out for a bit on a Sunday morning.
I went to this Mexican Restaurant because Guy Fieri went to the Elliott Rd one and said some very good things about it. The one of 16th St and Glendale is terrible, I had the enchilada's in red sauce, the red sauce had no flavor at all the refried beans were like paste right out of a can. I can 't believe they were made fresh, the rice was ok. The place is very clean and the staff was very friendly but it all comes down to the food which is not worth the money. And I was so looking forward to going their because of Diners drive-ins and dives.
Woke up this morning....Ron's Birthday today so I suggested we go out to breakfast around 10am. We were going to go to one of our old standbys and then I remembered we wanted to try Bacon sometime. 

We got there and all of the sliding door/windows were open and the misters going. aaahhhh Scottsdale in the early summer. We were seated right away. Took a bit of time for our waiter to notice we were there, but he was very attentive once he came over to our table. 

I ordered the breakfast sandwich (cant remember the unusual name) that was scrambled eggs on and English muffin with Canadian bacon and Gruyere cheese. HEAVEN!!! if you love stinky cheese like I do. The side of potato's were done to perfection with fresh herbs sprinkled on top. There was also a side of beans that I though were unimaginative. 

Overall the food was yummy and the atmosphere and service very good. A definite new one on our list of breakfast places in Old Town.
Your hotdog might take a bit, and it's nothing you can't do yourself on a grill, but this place is a cut above the rest in the hotdog arena. Not too expensive and you can pick all your options like subway or chipotle. A solid choice for a sub $5 quick bite.
$5 for a ticket mon-thurs before 6pm. can't beat that. i believe the movie has to have been out for at least a week, so if you can wait it's a great deal. just make sure you buy something from concession because that's how movie theaters make their money. it doesn't come from movie tickets.
The first time i went to Paulene's Nail, I saw that it was very clean and it had beautiful  spa chairs. Hanna did my pedicure exceptionally well. The french tip, that I got, lasted for a good 3-4 weeks.  I also got the full set pink and white, which was by Kevin. I really loved my nails, ever since then I came back all the time. The place has a very comfortable feeling and the employees interact with the customers. I recommend Paulenes Nail to those looking for good service and great nails.
Such a shame but a sign of our times to be sure, this location of Tortas El Guero has closed it's doors. The locations in Phoenix and Mesa remain open and are still supplying us with delicious food!
I am a breakfast kind of guy. Always checking for the good breakfast place when I am in a new town/area. After a locals recommendation and some Yelp reading on the BBD went there to sample the fare. Outstanding breakfast food. First trip had over easy eggs, which are not easy to prepare, my compliments. Second trip an omelet which was very well prepared. This place rivals my at home breakfast place which I have a great prejudice for. Outstanding pancakes, delicious hash browns and good, strong coffee. Went on a Sunday and had to wait, a short wait but a wait and worth the wait it was. A weekday trip immediate seating. Warm, friendly, attentive service and food at very reasonable price(s) .
O, adventures in the remodeled Phoenix Art Museum!

My friend and I went in the old entrance (the only one we knew) after walking around in the new sculpture garden for a bit. When we entered, we were greeted and given little pink tags that said 'member.' The greeter asked if we were here for general admission. We said yes, and she said something about going down a certain hall. We think "Okay, this is nice! It seems like there's free admission today." And we wandered on. 

After about an hour into our meanderings, we were chased down by the same museum employee who asked if we had paid for admission. Apparently the pink tags were only temporary, and we were supposed to walk to the new entrance from the old entrance to pay for admission and exchange our pink 'member' tags for a green 'Phoenix Art Museum' sticker. OK...that...makes perfect sense... to somebody.  She said the old entrance would be closed completely soon, so that shouldn't be a problem in the future, but it  seemed like a poorly thought-out process. I also found the new layout confusing...I could never tell what gallery I was in or figure out where I was on the little map in the brochure. I basically walked in whatever direction seemed promising and hoped we stumbled into something cool (which we did, several times, like the Thorne Miniature Rooms and the UnInked cartoon exhibit)

I had always been frustrated by the lighting in the hall that leads to the Asian art gallery, and I was disappointed to see that hadn't been improved. 

I hate to give this four stars, hopefully I can bump that up to five when I make another trip, maybe they'll have the kinks ironed out!
I've been here once about a year ago and I still have dreams about the Rosa!  It has to be the most innovative pizzas I've ever tasted.  Thinly sliced onions and pistachios...PISTACHIOS...never once have I ever thought....hmmm...I'll put pistachios on a pizza!  I'm a texture person and the crunch totally gets my mouth watering!  Also the antipasto appetizer is phenomenal!  I could have eaten the mashed sweet potatoes all night.

Now, of course, you have to talk about the wait.  My husband and I went with another couple who got there at 5:00pm to wait in a line to put their names on the list.  We, however, got there around 7:30pm and got seated at 8:45pm.  So our experience is based on an hour and 15 minute wait which I would do again in a heart beat.  If you ask the couple we went with they would never wait that long again!  

I plan on going again in the very near future, probably on a weeknight, so I can have the Rosa again.  Until then I'll see her in my dreams!
4.5 stars, but I'm rounding up because it's a good day :)...here's what we grubbed on @ El Mission:
*Crispy Pork & Cola Lime Glaze- get it! My favorite thing on the menu
*Grilled street corn: bueno, but not quite as good as the street grilled variety in Mexico 
*Lamb rib appetizer- fatty and not too much meat...but the good bits we're awesome!
*Mahi Mahi tacos- decent, but save the fish tacos for another time and place!
*Espresso churros & milkshake- a tasty and fun dessert...couldn't taste the espresso, but it was fun to dip those crunchy morsels!

Our server was also very knowledgeable - will definitely be returning to the Mission!
I could have cried, everything here is perfect. The best beer selection in the world, and the food is OUT of this world! There are items for every diet, whether vegan or meat-fanatic, lean and "comfort".
We started with mu shoo egg rolls (in addition to being fun to say, it kicks taste bud booty) and Korean BBQ beef (SUPER authentic and delicious!). The honey ale is great and the Rogue Hazelnut Brown Nectar is superb. I got the Hawaiian burger and it did NOT disappoint. Truffle fries too?! Oh my goodness.
I have gone around the menu and everything I get is unbelievable, seriously throw a dart at the menu and get that item, because it will be awesome.

My only qualm- open one up in Chandler!
Great food at a great price! Service was fast and the food was delicious, very reasonable prices too, highly recommend this place for a quick meal, they deliver too
The food and service is good, but what ruins this place is its high price and lack of authenticity.  Nothing about this franchise location reminds me of Al's #1 Italian Beef in Chicago.  It's a good Italian beef, just not what I think of when I think of Al's.

The beef is good quality and delicious, but it's just missing the correct flavor that you get in Chicago.  The giardiniera (hot peppers) are perfectly spicy and the sweet peppers offer a wonderful additional flavor to the sandwich.  I paid $8.00 for a regular sandwich (with tax).  Not expensive for Italian Beef, especially since it was quite filling, but it still felt a little steep considering it would be at least another $3 or $4 for fries and a drink.

I think the biggest problem with this location is space.  The dining room is huge, although there really aren't that many tables.  The middle is wide open as if there's going to be a massive lunch rush.  However, at 12:30 on a Monday afternoon, the place was dead.  I haven't been to the real Al's since I was a kid, but I remember it as being a little dive.  It would've been a lot smarter for Al's to be in a much smaller spot, maybe they could charge less for their beef if they didn't have to pay so much for their square-footage.

Unfortunately for Al's, there's already a few Chicago hotdog/Italian beef joints in the Raintree area.  Name recognition to Chicagoans is the best thing Al's has going for it.  But, that's what has me the most disappointed because my expectations were way too high going in.

**TIP**
If you're not from Chicago, order your sandwich dipped.  This means dunked in au jus after its assembled.  It's messy but wonderful.  The only real way to eat an Italian beef.
Someburros comes from the same family as the longtime South Phoenix staple "Ponchos". However, Someburros has somehow managed to take the family business to a whole another level! I've been to several different Someburros and they all consistently have good food, service and atmosphere. My favorites include the Green Chile Burro enchilada style and the tacos. The beans and rice are always moist and better than that you get free chips and salsa with your meal. I like how the atmosphere is more Mexican-American but the food is definitely authentic!  If you hate a crowd avoid Lunch hours like the plague. If you are in a hurry you can also call your order in ahead of time and pick it up through the drive through take out window.
Great atmosphere, servers were really attentive, but the most important thing about the restaurant was missing: good food. I ordered a white pizza and 2 drinks and the pizza was a little less than mediocre. the ricotta was bland, the whole pizza was bland, and the dough used was just unimpressive. It was lacking spices more basil or garlic would have really made it better, me and my friend had to add ample amounts of salt and pepper to it to get it to develop any flavor. and when I'm paying $17 for a single pizza i definitely expect a lot more from the quality. Sorry.
Without yelp, I have fuck all for a social life. For this reason, I spent Halloween night curled up on the couch, going through my Netflix and hoping that some brave child would break the streak and be the first visitor to my house in four years. 

I'm the kind of person who can't let shit go (my dad once, 13 years ago, promised me a LEGO pirate ship once we moved back to the states. Never receiving said ship, and not being able to find one since, has irreparably scarred me), and I knew that if I did not find a way to celebrate this Halloween I would just kick myself in the ass for the next 364 days.

So as a "halloween present" to myself I visited Spirit the day after Halloween on my way home from work.

Unfortunately, they had run out of WIN the night before.

I searched the entire store and badgered the clerks and could only find one (1) costume in my size. 

Apparently big girls don't celebrate Halloween. Well, at least that explains why I stayed home.

Truthfully, I almost bought the "sexy nurse" costume, but they were out of the "nurse purse" and I didn't feel like supplementing my already unsuccessful shopping trip with a goose chase for an accessory nobody would even notice if I shoved it in their face.

"Hey, you want a drink, Nurse?"
"Yes, why don't you put it in my NURSE PURSE!"
"Uh...someone get her a beer or something."

Thankfully I stumbled upon their stockings/leggings section, desperate to walk away with something. 

I got some candy-striped and black and white tights, a pair of fishnet pantyhose, and fishnet knee-highs with little bows on them, all for less than 15 dollars. At Castle or Fascinations any one of these items would be an easy 10 bucks. 

When I made it to the counter, the clerk commented on my taste in stockings and said that surprisingly that's their biggest seller post-Halloween. 

We exchanged makeup and nail tips (turns out we were both OPI whores) as she rang me up before asking me if I'd like to donate some money to the children's hospital.

Sure. With all the money I just saved, I could afford to give some to kids.

She thanked me. I smiled. She smiled back.

And then SHE BLEW AN AIR HORN RIGHT IN MY FUCKING FACE.

Well shit if this is how you treat everyone who donates to the hospital no wonder they're hurting for money.

That's fine. I'll get her back next year. I'll be back, bitch, and I'll be packing heat (in this case, a megaphone).

"Do you need anything!"
"NO! I'M OKAY, JUST BROWSING, THANK YOU VERY MUCH FOR ASKING!!!!!!!!!"

It's on like Donkey Kong, Spirit. You better hope I get my shit together next year and buy my costume ahead of time, or it'll be payback time.

Please, please somebody take me out to a movie or some coffee...
Ups is horrible! I could write a novel on it. Seriously look at their facebook fan page. It is depressing!
Nirvana in a Pho Bowl! Absolutely breathtaking broth chuck full of Sirloin and what they bill as "well done brisket." Enough meat to have meat even with the last mouthful. Manager told me they "stew the broth" for 24 hours before serving. No jalapeño necessary, although they serve plenty. Nice hotness, lots of bean sprouts, etc. MAGNIFICENT! Can't imagine anyone is going to find any better in Phoenix, although Pho Ao Sen comes very close in their broth quality and is a much prettier and nocer Restaurant. A relatively nice bargain at $6.50. They have an even bigger bowl at $7.50, but can't imagine it! Have had the Seafood Pho and it was Phabulous! The lady in the 
kitchen is a "Master" and she ran a Pho Restaurant in Saigon in the eighties, serving 600 Bowls of Pho a day. The Father of the Owner has recently taken over operations, but as long as that little lady is in the Kitchen (The owner's Mother!) all will be well and nothing will change! My #1 best Pho in Phoenix, but only by a little over Pho Ao Sen, also in Mesa!

Asked for a Spring Roll recommendation, he recommended the "Roast Pork" and it too was Phlavorful and Phabulous! 

These folks are very nice an accommodating and put out a PHABULOUS Bowl of love!
Best of Philly is the best place to get an authentic cheese steak in Phoenix, Arizona. John, the owner, is a transplant from the East Coast and he knows what he's doing. Get a regular cheese steak, ask for mushrooms, onions, pickles on the side, or try the bomb steak, or even the pizza steak. They're all exceptional, find or create your own favorite! Good french fries, and free refills on drinks. Check out their website at http://www.bestofphillyaz.com for a discount coupon, print it out for you and your friends and enjoy the best lunch in downtown!
Stopped in with my boy when we went to the pizza place next door.  Got to say, the cookies were OUTSTANDING and we really enjoyed the treat!  Prices were reasonable and they had a number of other treats that we did not get a chance to try yet including cupcakes.

Short story, per my son, try the chocolate explosion cookie.  (To me it seemed more like a brownie) He raved about it and really enjoyed it, so I know it was good.  I had a white chocolate chip cookie square and it was pretty darn good.  Good enough I want one again.  : )
Although Stax was not at the top of my list for a nice lunch, I was glad we decided to try it.  Simple menu of 3-oz sliders with some more unusual  meat choices in addition to beef  (ostrich, buffalo, lamb, salmon...), salads, sides, and a few desserts.  I was surprised to find a full bar.  Layout is like a contemporary diner with the bar taking the place of a counter.

I tried the turkey burger which was actually a little dry, but with grilled pineapple and fresh guacamole, I really didn't notice.  I found one to be enough with a side dish.  My husband had an ostrich slider and a kobe beef slider-he liked them both.  Selection of toppings is huge.  We also had red potato salad which was okay and sweet potato fries which were excellent.  We tried the key lime stack for dessert.  Not really pie, not really cake, sort of like a layered cheese cake, not bad but a little disappointing.

Service was excellent.  We ordered chipotle aioli but received ketchup by mistake.  To compensate, our server brought a platter with a sampling of all their aiolis.  Very nice gesture.  The manager also stopped by our table to make sure everything was to our liking and to thank us for coming in.

The only thing that may turn some people off is they bring the dishes as they are ready-so salad came out first, fries next, burgers last.  I enjoyed the little courses, but if you have to have the fries with the burger, ask.  Otherwise, you'll have a lonely little burger on your hands.  Will definitely return to try the Mac n Jack I was drooling over at a nearby table.
Here is the deal in this no culture city this is all most of us have after 10 pm.  But the bad news is: the food is not very good.  It is greasy and low quality.  The burgers are not very good, the wings tasted like frozen chicken wings, not impressed overall. Not too clean either, on the way to the bathroom glance at the kitchen and all the illegal aliens that work there.  Not saying they are actually illegal aliens but due to the fact that they don't speak a lick of English makes one wonder.  So asides from the exploitation of possible undocumented migrants and the low quality food, then if you are drunk or have no where to go after 10 pm and into the wee hours then this could be a cool place to go.

Oh yeah Kerstin brought up something that really bugged me: when they bus a table, they throw the dishes around and they clank and it is really annoying and rude.  I hate that.  Maybe a e-mail to the management is in order?  This has happened everytime I have been!

They try to fool you with the Nostalgia element, but I want good food, I could care less about pictures of Elvis and cruddy 50's songs on the jukebox.  Feed me, don't fool me!!
This is the best pizza place I've found in Phoenix so far.  Truly one of the must-trys.  I think they have a grandfathered brick oven?  Not sure if its a rumor or not...  but something makes their pizza delightful.  Very good New York style pizza!  I haven't been able to try anything else but judging from these reviews I really should..

Oh, and did I mention?  Its like 3 bucks a slice!
Went in again...dine in this time, to try some new dishes. Not as impressed this time around? Ordered the pad thai with beef and it was just ok. The flavor was off, and too sweet in a sick way. We barely touched it. We ordered a chicken and vegetable dish too, and it was just kind of gross. I guess we need to just stick with the curry? :(
Super convenient location!  Great selection of adult beverages!
One of my favorite spots in PHX, I make a trip almost every time I'm in town.  The food selection is limited but good, there's an admirable wine selection but the atmosphere is unlike anything else in PHX.  I highly recommend.
Fast service, good quality food with affordable price, friendly staff, no complain.   Bravo!
The wife and I had our Friday night dinner here recently.  We are not a stranger to here, with this probably being our 5th visit or so...  The wife was having a hankering for their Berry Burst Cider...  For me, BJ's is probably to a 3.5 than an 'a-ok' 3 star...it's just there isn't anything terrible memorable about this place for me.  I mean, on the car ride over, I was trying to figure out what I like there, but couldn't figure it out.  I think it's that BJ's makes a lot of things that are good...but nothing that is particularly memorable to me.  I can't recall ever having a bad meal there, yet I can't recall having a great meal.  

The service was good, friendly and fast.  We were lucky to get there early enough to not have to wait to be seated, which was good since they filled up pretty fast.  I had a french dip sandwich with fries.  Standard french dip, though I must say that the horseradish cream sauce had a decent bite that I liked.

As noted above, 3.5 stars, rounded down to 3 stars.  I wonder if the real thing that will hook me on this place is the pizookie, which I've never had...  (Oh yeah, I didn't like that happy hour was only in the bar, which it would have been the whole restaurant...at least it is decently sized (3 - 7pm).
Went there the other day with my mother.  I had the jampong (spicy korean/chinese noodle soup) it was so delicious and huge!  The staff was very friendly, will for sure go there again for the food and friendly staff :)
Cute little place with good sandwiches! Had the 10 for 20 deal and it was definitely worth it!
It is a place where you don't have to 'dress-up' to sweat.  The other people working out are great.  We've made great friends.
The equipment suits my needs.
Trainers are good.  Front desk staff is only ok.
The hours are not good.  6 A.M is not early enough some days and the 8 A.M. on Saturdays is terrible.  I am on to other things by then.
I have to say that all of the food was perfectly prepared and delicious. My complaint is the time it took to get our food. 7:30 reservation and we didn't get our main course until 9:15, 1hr 45 minutes shows that they were over booked for what they can handle. For the price they get for dinner it seems they could manage their/my time better. 

The fish special was trout with mashed potatoes, asparagus & hollandaise sauce. It was very tasty and perfectly prepared.

The seating outdoors is fabulous, comfortable w/ heaters when needed and very chic with great patio landscaping.
By far, way better service than the ones in the Bay Area!  Our waiter, Rachel, was very warm and friendly, and anticipated all of our needs...from drink refills to when our entrees will be ready ("just a few more minutes"), she was never late with anything.  And if you're on a health kick / lifestyle change like me, order the Linguini Marinara.  Even the version with whole wheat noodles was deliciosoo!!
Excellent IHOP.  Very pleasant atmosphere, courteous, friendly staff and excellent food.  No negatives to report.  It is the best IHOP we have been in.  Highly recommended.
We bought a set of four tires last year and after only 11,000 miles they were making noise. Turns out they were "cupping". They were "entry" level tires but still thought they should have lasted longer. Discount Tires called the tire maker who offered 1/2 of another set.
After a discussion they agreed to replace all four at no cost. I signed a waiver stating I realized these tires could do the same thing as the last set. This was only fair after all, they were eating the rest of the replacement cost.
We have never had anything but great service from these guys and will continue to do business with them.
Great sushi/happy hour. Fun patio and atmosphere. Great place to watch a game as well.
I tried this on a whim and now I am hooked.  I don't like to get out of breath during my workouts but still like to leave feeling sore, so Pure Barre is perfect for me.  I've never looked to forward to working out as much as I do here.  I tried the first class and left shaking and unable to climb stairs.  I knew I would have to go back to make sure I met the challenge! 

All the instructors are friendly and supportive.  Almost all of them are excellent, but in particular: Jasmine is very energetic and engaging, Veronica's classes kick your butt, and Shannon is always pleasant and welcoming.

The unlimited month is a great deal if you will go a lot.  Try one class one a single pay basis to see how you feel about it, or look for a Groupon deal.  You will need to sign up for the class online first.  Don't worry if you are put on the waitlist; most of the time you will get into the class anyway.  If you're new, you'll pick up the routine of class very quickly.  

My only complaints have to do with the high demand for these classes.  It is so expensive.  I can't always afford to go, which is really a bummer because it's something I enjoy it so much.  I actually started about a year ago and took almost ten months off until a Living Social deal came along.  Also, sometimes it's very crowded and I get less room and attention from the instructor.  

Also, watch out! They sell really awesome merchandise in the front and you will want to spend all your money!
Love this place is super yummy! Italo kirsa And veggie burger are the best. My boyfriend also loves the tangier burger. Highly recommend fez, fun atmosphere, good food, and amazing drinks!:)
I've been going to 5th Generation Barbers since I moved to Phoenix last summer and haven't stopped since. Arthur and his crew take their time and make sure you are getting exactly what you want. As an added bonus, they have two flat screens if you ever wanna catch Sportscenter while getting your trim. Highly recommended!
I have to say I frequent this location once a week and for years I've never had one issue. The food is amazing. I originally was going to give 5 stars until they increased the prices. For that they only get 4 stars.

Pro-tip: Go inside and get a burrito punch card so that you can get a free burrito after buying a few.
I Love this place. My family gets to go orders all the time. We have never actually dined in but it is always a very pleasant wait in the dining room when I arrive early for my take-out.  I am partial to the Pad Wo Sen (transparent noodles) with chicken. I always get a 3 on the spicy scale as I made the mistake of getting a 5 once, and I like spicy food.  The rest of my family gets a 1.  The staff is always cheerful and nice.
Pinnacle Peak is a great all level hike. The paths are extremely well maintained and very clean. The trail is patrolled by volunteers to ensure your safety. 

There is an information center at the trailhead that is staffed by volunteers and there are also restrooms which is a nice feature.

Pinnacle Peak may give the impression that it s a relatively easy hike. Well, I would say that it is a moderately challenging hike and a great workout. Bring plenty of water with you and start early as it can get warm quite fast and the park along with its parking lot get crowded. Wear light clothing, a hat and sunscreen and you'll have a great time. Take your time to enjoy the views and rest in the shady areas along the way. Most importantly, if you do find yourself out of water....stop  and make your way back, you'll be glad you did. Nothing worse than running out of water when hiking...on top of that, it's downright dangerous! Have fun!
I wanted to post a review on the waitress we had for Smunch yesterday, Nancy, but it looks like I can only review a business so I'll just update this one.

When I walked into Scott's this week and asked if I could make a reservation for a large group during Saturday brunch hours, they said no problem without any hesitation. When organizing Smunch every month, this is a lovely thing to hear. 

The table was already set up and ready when I arrived and people started gathering shortly after. We wanted separate checks, though not all separate and Nancy didn't miss a beat. She was amazing. And hilarious. She joked with us the entire time and told us of her serious karaoke schedule.

At one point, someone at our table got up for a minute, and shortly after their food came out. Nancy just sat right down and pretended to eat it. And let us capture photographic evidence. 

I now will come back more frequently. And sit in Nancy's section every single time.
Went in and was sized for a bra. I was told that I was wearing the wrong size and suggested a different size.  They did not carry the different size so the fitter/salesgirl suggested I make the compromise to buy the same wrong size I had previously come in wearing.  Silly.
Great bunch here. I was a moron and made an apt for another locale online, they took me in quick anyway. They are friendly and quick!
We were really impressed with our dinner and the service.  We had the Carne Adovada and the Rellenos - both blew us away because the flavors were well balanced, the meats were cooked appropriately and the sides were delicious.

We are from the Twin Cities (Minnesota) and appreciate great Mexican when we can find it.  Highly recommended and we will return next time we are in town.
The cheese crisp! You must order this so cheesy! Everything else that they serve are supersize so share
Decided to try this place last Friday, 04/27/12.  

Ordered the special, XL pizza & 40 wings for take out.  Young man at the counter let me try the medium & hot sauce 1st.  

I went with the medium sauce for wings and they where really good.  Pizza was yummy, very soft & HOT!!  Not burnt or crispy like others.

Wings where PERFECT, BIG & Juicy. Asked for them sloppy and they where not greedy with sauce.

This is my new take out place on Friday nights for pizza & wings!  Very good and inexpensive!!
If you love a great Elk burger, this is the place to go.  Great beer too.
My husband and I decided to try this place because we had won a gift card at our daughter's school's silent auction. We arranged for childcare and went out to the casino on a Sunday night. The ambiance is seriously lacking due to "windows" that open up into the casino allowing sound and smoke to invade like a flock of rabid pigeons at a garden party. We were seated at a tiny table in a corner in front of the aforementioned windows. This definitely was not adding to the desired "date" feel. 

The menu was that of a posery "Bamboo Club" but lacked much of the club's appeal (and that's not saying much). We are very familiar with Asian food as my husband is Chinese and I was raised in a Chowhouse. The food was definitely not what one would could authentic, but more of a merely adequate take on fusion. We started with the Ahi appetizer. I believe we enjoyed the slaw it was served on more than the fish itself, as it was none too impressive. We decided to share an entree because we wanted to do three courses. For this we chose the seafood hot pot. I thought the sauce was good, but did not warrant the green curry label. I also thought salmon was a strange choice for the fish chunks in the dish. A white fish would have taken on the curry flavor much better. Salmon isn't something I really expect in cooked Asian dishes. When we ordered this dish, the waitress recommended that we not get the fried rice because the dish was "more like a stew". We hadn't even discussed fried rice because we knew what what we were ordering. Maybe this is a suggestion that should be reserved for people who ask for fried rice to avoid sounding condescending. 

The desserts were decidedly not Asian, despite making a dessert spring roll. We tried the creme brulee because I'm a sucker for it. A little bit grainy IMO but it had a good flavor. 

When it came time to settle the bill, all love was lost. They do not take Ling and Louie's gift cards! This was the sole reason we tried this place. The manager was sent over and dealt with us in a very patronizing (emphasis on very) tone about how he just couldn't do anything about it. When the waitress (Brittani?) returned she inquired what he had done to help and we told her nothing ,and that we were pretty angry. She then left for awhile and came back, telling us that she had asked him (the manager) to take off the entree and my hot tea. He did this, but only after she told him that we had considered leaving our gift card and splitting. Seriously, I have never considered a dine and dash until this jerk spoke to me like I was a four year old who had eaten too many cookies. Thanks Brittani, you're doing what it takes to make customers happy. Your manager, however, will rip the proverbial mask from the lackluster ambiance and flavors and expose this place for what it really is, a casino food stand. Think I'll go to Panda Express next time.
Amazingly good Mexican food for the price. The atmosphere is cafe style with a comfortable feel - much nicer than most of the taco shops around town. 

The salsa they give you with the complimentary chips is amazing! The taco and tostada were perfect, the rice and beans dead on.

A great lunch destination in south Tempe.
I have been to Soul Cafe a couple of times -- only for breakfast -- and I have to say that it's ok. The reason (and yes, it is the ONLY reason) I keep coming back is for the pancakes. Yes. I really love the pancakes. My father really loves the bacon and blueberry pancakes. So if we want pancakes, it's over to Soul Cafe. 

I have, however, ordered other things for breakfast and nothing stacks up (pardon the pun). The food is surprisingly bland.  I'm not sure why, but everything that I have ordered has been meh. I really expect more from the location and the menu, but I keep getting bland bland bland which is why I now only order the pancakes.

The other reviewers aren't kidding either with the hit or miss service. This last time was the best service I have had and the server told me I "wasn't allowed" to substitute pancakes on my daughter's kid's meal (even though I have done that every time I've been there), ended up getting her meal wrong anyway and it only took about 30 minutes for our food to come (it was not packed)

I have always found the staff to be nice enough, but be prepared for disappearing servers (no, I mean seriously... where do they go? This has happened more than once) and a long wait between ordering and service.
A bit disappointed in this weekend's visit. I've eaten at NNY for quite a few years, and after an afternoon of furniture shopping, and surrounded by the bit "Mall" restaurants, I was pleased to see NNY, so my wife and I went in. We sat ourselves and a waitress came by a few minutes later to see if we had been helped. 

She didn't know what beer they had on draft, odd, since half of what you sell is probably beer, and when my wife asked a question about a mixed drink she wasn't sure. I ordered the House Calzone, sausage, pepperoni, ricotta, mozzarella, and marinara sauce. My wife ordered the apple walnut salad with chicken on top and the dressing on the side.

The waitress came by to see if we wanted another drink. The blue drink my wife ordered was too sweet for her to drink another, so the waitress suggested the green drink on the opposite page. (East and West Coast, but I can't recall which was which.) The green one has sweet and sour mix in it, which gives my wife indigestion when it's the main component of something like a margarita, so she asked the waitress how much sweet and sour was in there. She didn't know, and headed off to the bar to find out.

The manager showed up with the food shortly after that and we asked her. She said they could leave the sweet and sour out, so my wife said that would be fine. She asked if there was any dressing, as it was supposed to be on the side. The kitchen had tossed it in with the salad. It was a very light vinaigrette, so she was okay with it. The manager left to put in the drink order and my wife noticed that her salad was missing chicken. She's watching me eat my calzone, attempting to get the attention of the waitress. She finally came over and threw the cooks under the bus: "I put the order in right, they messed it up." She went to get the chicken. And my wife watched me eat.

For a pizza and wings place, the calzone was marginal. It didn't seem to have very much in it. I didn't detect any ricotta cheese, but was surprised by a lot of diced green peppers, which are supposed to go in the veggie calzone. Not my favorite, but I ate them. While my wife watched. Eventually, her green drink came, as did a plate of sliced chicken breasts, which appeared to be straight from the microwave. Although they appeared to have grill marks, it didn't taste like they had been anywhere near a grill. My wife said it tasted like boiled chicken, unseasoned, and totally unpleasant on the salad. We go to Oregano's a lot, and their chicken marinade complements the flavor of the salad. This seemed like an afterthought.

Then manager was very gracious about the whole thing. She took my wife's salad off the bill, as well as one of my beers.

I might go back if we're in that area in a few months, just to see if it's improved. If so, I'll probably stick to the wings.
I can honestly say that Super Embroidery is the best place for your shirt needs.  They are reasonable on prices and is friendly and courteous!
Best, best, best !!!! Tina and her husband are excellent. Fast, efficient and fair price. Huge selection of nail designs, but also simple active length French manicures. My manicures and pedicures last forever. My husband asked if they use airplane paint (joking) because the color is so glossy and lasts so long. I have been going now for almost 2 years and have been very happy every time. Final word, kudos to Tina. I have never known her to be anything but absolutely sweet. She is a real pro.
I called this auto shop to see if they had a part and could help install it and the gentleman on the phone said sure, if they weren't busy.  I made it clear that I would pay for the assistance.  When I got there, I dealt with another gentleman who laughed at me when I asked if they could help me install the part.  If anyone could recommend a female friendly auto place, please pass the suggestion along.  I did not feel like I was helped here at all.
Very nice little spot. Friendly people in there every time I have walked in. I have only gotten the gyro. Its ok. But for 3 bucks you cant beat it.
Pros: Staff friendly and helpful and view can be good. Cons: everything on table was sticky with food. Including menus. Just creeped me out. Food was ok.
I get into these wild food moods where Ill wake up and have a craving for something, its usually pretty specific, this particular morning it was corned beef. Sounds crazy but once I get it in my head I wont be satisfied until I give into my cravings. I wasn't hungry though for just any corned beef, it had to be Boar's Head brand, aside from a few grocery stores the only place you can get Boar's Head is a good delicatessen. I knew just where to go, Scott's!

Situated between an Ace Hardware and a Basha's, this seems hardly the spot for a tasty sandwich. Let me tell you, they serve up massive tasty sandwiches with thick piled meat on your choice of bread and they have choices. Feeling helpless and at complete mercy to my urges I ordered Scott's Perfect Reuben-Reuben ($11.50). So tall you cant get your mouth around it, its stuffed with corned beef, swiss cheese and sauerkraut then grilled to a crispy buttery goodness.

When the server set my sandwich in front of me my eyes widened, it was a thing of beauty and desire. As I managed my sandwich for the first bite, I felt the wafts of hot corned beef beckoning, eat me, eat me. Enjoying bite after satisfying bite, my morning craving was quickly becoming fulfilled like an ancient prophecy. Ordering a side of Russian dressing to dunk my fries into may sound slightly odd but after one dip I think you'll agree, its perfectly natural.

For the health conscious who are rolling their eyes at my delicious choices, Scott's does offer lighter fare such as salads, soup and half sandwiches. However, I for one don't go to Scott's to eat light, I go to Scott's eat well.
Our kitchen was basically under construction, and our bellies were empty from all the hard work. Pizza or Chinese just wasn't going to cut it. I wanted a sandwich -- a GOOD sandwich. Not a sub -- a sandwich. 

That's how I managed to track down Archie's. It portrays itself as a traditional New York style deli. Well, I don't know about all that, but they do make some fine sandwiches.

All their sandwiches have goofy names, none of which I remember, and they didn't have any to-go menus. The sandwiches are listed on huge boards over the counter -- one board for each main ingredient: beef, pastrami, ham, chicken, fish, and vegetarian. 

We went with a hot pastrami with swiss and grilled onions on pumpernickel, and a chicken salad on challah. The breads for both were just plain awesome. I really enjoyed the pastrami. The chicken salad, while better than most, was still slightly off. I think it was kind of sweet, which was just weird. Same with the potato salad -- odd, but not bad.

I was surprised that they didn't serve Dr. Brown's sodas. I got a Boylan's diet cherry soda, which was actually fantastic. That was just one of the things that makes it untraditional deli. I'd say the place is more "modern" deli. 

I also can't tell if it's a chain or not. The signage is all well done and matchy-matchy, though slightly worn, which makes me thing "chain." But the staff all seems like family, and there are some quirky things that make me think, "indy." Maybe it's a franchise. I don't know, and I guess it doesn't really matter.

Also of note, they had an extensive and tasty looking breakfast menu, featuring things like lox and halibut. I'll have to remember that, the next bleary Sunday morning I experience, when the cupboard is empty.

EDIT: Hey I just found their website, where you can check out the menus. I asked the Yelp admins to add it.
I had a great experience at Breakfast Club. The environment was nice with a fresh modern design feel. Fresh grapefruit juice was delicious and the service was helpful and friendly. The breakfast burrito topped with green chili was great. Living downtown, I can see this becoming a regular breakfast place. yum.
Best fried rice I've tried. My girlfriend ordered the shrimp fried rice and added jalapenos and XO sauce and it was delicious! Its not on the menu but you can ask for it. The beef chow fun was good too but a little plain.
Highly disappointed today. BEWARE non BEEF and PORK eaters... Today, I ordered the 'combination 2 tacos' . Apparently, most food orders are for BEEF instead instead of CHICKEN. Needless to say, I don't eat beef or pork - their website doesn't specify BEEF or PORK - 

And the kicker is, when I called their establishment to speak with a manager, I couldn't get past the young lady on the phone to leave my comment. 
It was stated "that the customer needs to specify CHICKEN with their order". Granted, I take partially responsibility for that - how about not assuming that all customer's eat BEEF and PORK and ask them their meat preference. 
Furthermore, when speaking with the young lady there was no recommendation to try to fix my order, no apology, no nothing to try to amend this. 

Azteca update your website to reflect chicken/beef/pork or what have you instead of assuming that or a great majority of them eat BEEF. 

You live and you learn huh! On a more positive note, my rice and beans were edible and quite delicious.
Strange that I am writing a review on Nordstrom.  My mother and my sister both work at a Nordstrom (Mom is pacesetter at the one in Troy, MI and my sister is the manager of men's sportswear at the Novi, MI location) so I am extremely familiar with how Nordstrom's customer's service is supposed to be.  While my experience yesterday was mostly positive, there was one gripe that I have that I will tell about a little later.

So, I decided that I had to do a little makeover yesterday.  I was going out with girlfriends that night, and since I have been a little negative lately, I thought that buying a new outfit, makeup, and shoes would do the trick.  So, first I went to the MAC counter to see if I could book a makeover session...they took me right away which shocked the crap out of me.  The girl asked me what I wanted, and I just said (yes I did) I want to look friggin hot.  With only that information in mind, Patty did the most amazing job that anybody ever did on my face.  I literally felt better already.  (and yes, I bought the colors that she applied...)

Then, here comes my negative experience.  Now, I know that I do not look like the typical Nordstrom shopper, but I am not a raggy looking person either.  I went to the TBD dept looking for something that I knew that I would never wear normally.  There were about 5 girls working, just gossipping with each other, not paying me any mind.  At first I wasn't annoyed.  But when they would help others, that is when I became a little frusturated.  Then, which my two pairs of jeans and 4 shirts that I was holding felt a little heavy, I tried to get a girl's attention, only to be ignored.  I was amazed.  I even dropped a shirt (maybe on purpose) and I got nothing.  I had this one tall blonde staring at me but never came over.  Then some young girl walked in the dept. and she ran over to help her.  Maybe I was being a little irrational, but this is not the customer service that I ever experienced at a Nordstrom.  I finally went up to a girl and said as much and couldn't believe the experience I was having.  She was standing there in a state of shock, and I began to felt bad.  In the end, Crystal did a great job with helping me, and even picked out a couple of shirts that I would have never thought of buying before.  

So, Nordstrom at Chandler Fashion Square was redeemed, though I personally like the one at Scottsdale a whole lot better.  I know that Nordstrom is now going with the smaller, two stories look for most of their stores now (the new one they are building in N Scottsdale will be like the one in Chandler) but I love the variety at Scottsdale a whole lot better.  And a shout out to Thea at Scottsdale, who literally does the best personal shopping ever over there.
Friendly staff and great food. They also use Belly.
This place has stood the test of time. I've been coming for years. I wouldn't say I am a regular, mostly because the service is mediocre. So you never really know how your visit will turn out. The food is good. I can say they don't seem to change up the menu really. But they do offer daily specials and have a great decor inside. There is ample seating, it's always clean and cozy. The outside fire pit on the patio is one of my favorite spots in the cold months. They serve Guinness and Jameson so until that stops, they are one of my "go-to" spots for dinner!
This location is pretty friendly over all. 
I walk over here when I get hungry during long days in the studio as its right around the corner. Yay for tacos and cheesy fries.
First I will say that both Vets I have had Dr. Ontiveros, and Dr. Garner are great, Dr. Ontiveros gets down on the floor with my dog who is difficult and is very patient with her.  My problem is with the staff... every time I walk in the door there is no greeting the receptionist keeps her head down like she didn't even here me walk in the door... this is your first impression of your office!  You should have someone up front that is friendly and at least acts like they are glad you are here.  This last time I went in the little assistant was so rude, there was a mix up in how the appointment was  scheduled, which was not my fault, but even if it was I should have not been treated any differently.  I was given 3 options for treatment and I wanted to know why I should choose one over the other, and she was so rude and basically said those are the options end of story.  
Which leads me to my other complaint, tell me what the best treatment for my dog is, I don't like the 3 different choices at different prices educate me about what you would recommend, you are the professional here!  
Anyhow, I'm torn if I will go back or not.  I want a relationship with the people I ask to serve me and the people I pay money for their services, and my experiences in the past have shown me that the staff is to busy to care.
Still good, but stick with the chicken entrees. Tried the salt-and-pepper squid, and it had WAY too much breading. Saigon Pho does the dish much better.
We visited this Applebee's location last night.  We were out running errands, it was getting late, and this location is right around the corner from the house.  

The food is average for a chain.  You know what you're gonna get no matter what location you go to.  The service however is hit or miss...and last night the service missed the mark by a mile!

Our waiter got to our table and asked for our drink order.  Good deal.  We order when he returns with our drinks.  
  
J's order - Fajitas. 
My order - Oriental Chicken Salad
Baby C's order - Kids Meal Grilled chicken sandwich  (Kids Eat Free on Tuesdays)

Our server, Michael,  runs off before I'm able to state..uhhh...the kids meal comes with a drink and side!!  We have to flag him down.  We state...we didn't have a chance to order the drink or side for our son.  He's like...oh i ordered him fries.  I'll have to go change it.  

REALLY!?  I'm so sorry to inconvenience you!!  And I'm glad you think you know better than I do what I wanna feed MY CHILD!  Wow!  How perceptive of you...ya dumbazz!!  I order Baby C some steamed broccoli and a juice.  

J's and my food come out as ordered.  Baby C's is MIA.  A few minutes later his sandwich is brought out....with an applesauce.  Again I have to flag down the server so the correction can be made.  About 5 minutes later we get a side of over steamed broccoli...but whatever.  Baby C doesn't seem to mind.  

Drinks...he's on the ball with refills of my water.  But misses the mark with J's root beer refill.  He brings him Dr. Pepper instead.  And then when J says...hey this is Dr. Pepper, not Root Beer.  The server is like..you ordered Dr. Pepper though, right?  WRONG!  

Then we had to wait around for the check and for him to run my card.  It was funny, but I was looking around and spotted the servers other tables.  The one right next to us didn't seem happy either with the service.  In fact they seemed pretty pissed.  

I sure hope we get a different server if and when we ever return.
It was thanks to the Yelp reviews here that I realized Essence was not just a coffeehouse and bakery, but an interesting restaurant. The decor is pretty non-existent, but the food was something else.

I ordered the Greek platter, and instead of finding myself in front of a huge plate, Essence's version was slighter in size but more provocative in taste. The Spanakopita and grape leaves were excellent, the bread was that perfect mix between crunchy and soft, and I don't think I've ever had better humus. I mean, this humus had complex flavor notes! I ended my meal nicely full.

I chatted with the server and the chef--who apparently studied cooking in France--for a bit; real nice people, and Essence deserves extra points for their philosophy of using environmentally-friendly and local ingredients down to their menus. 

I agree with Kristin that it's odd to not only tip up front, but be asked about it too. That aside, kudos all around. I was told they are having a bit of problem building a dinner crowd, so give 'em a try. It's not uber-cheap, but you're paying for quality, guys.
This place gets 3 stars instead of 2 stars from me based on they offer nice sushi combos(sushi with a soup, etc.), which most sushi places do not offer such combos. This means you get what would cost around 12-15 most places for around 7-9. Unfortunately the old saying you get what you pay for does apply in this case. The sushi is passable on quality, but the selection is pretty limited and basically just mak zushi (rolls) style. This is probably because rolls are the easiest to make ahead of time as they hold up better in the fridge, but storing them this way can lead to rice being to mashed together or drying out. The salad I had was low quality lettuce and nothing I would want to have again. The miso soup was decent. On the positive, the staff is very friendly, quick service and they have some interesting ice tea like barley tea. They also offer grilled entrees that again have combos for a good price. The chicken katsu is pretty good. 

The breakdown- if you want a quick, low cost combo with a couple sushi selections on your plate, this is the place. Of course good sushi takes time and should be made fresh so you will sacrifice on quality.
It's amazing the crap people will buy.  One person's trash is another person's treasure?  I believe so.  I sold over $1,000 of my crap at this store.  No kidding...and it went fast!  

My Sisters Attic is clearly MY gold mine, why is everyone looking in the Superstitions?  This one is prolly a bit smaller than others, but the stuff moves.

Garage sale?  Who needs the headache...
It's a sports store, like many others. 

I wouldn't suggest driving miles out of your way to get here, but if you're in the area, they're a better place to shop than any big 5 or sports authority; although, I feel that comparing them to a big 5 is a real injustice to Sport Chalet's everywhere. Maybe we can just strike that comparison from the record - please.

I've been through here for bikes and bike accessories, work out clothes and equipment, athletic shoes, and warm hiking socks. They carry sports equipment for football, basketball, bicycling, baseball, and a couple others, no ice hockey equipment though, which isn't a big deal for most people out there; just me - and every other hockey player in town.

The prices here are neither better nor worse than any other retailer, but they do have a decent selection of the goods they carry. I've had a bike tuned up here on a couple of occasions and never had any trouble or regrets. 

Overall if you're looking for something they keep in stock, they're not a bad place to check out.

Happy Yelping Phoenix, see you on the bike paths!
Stopped in here for some drinks after some shopping and was SUPER impressed with the beer selection at this place! They have a HUGE selection; you are bound to find something to fall in love with here. I love going to places and being able to try a new beer that i have never had before and even better they had one of my favs that is really hard to come across...double score!!

inside and outside seating, bar seating as well. Did not eat during this visit but i did look over the menu and they had a lot to choose from and some things did catch my attention.

i will be back !
service was friendly, and prompt. Drinks were large and free refills, which I really appreciated. But as far as the food goes it was pretty average. I agree with some other reviewers who stated that the sauces seem watery, and the veggies seem canned. i had the yellow curry chicken. it's flavor was acceptable, but certainly not the best I've had. HOT was the spice level I requested, but disappointingly the spice level AND the food temp were somewhere around luke warm.

food = 2 stars
service = 4 stars
Hahahaha!  I'm still laughing. 

If you want an evening of family fun, you have to check this place out.  They are hilarious!  I have been 3 times now and each time I leave with my sides hurting.  The best part is that they are CLEAN comedy!  I think it takes a lot more talent to make people laugh without resorting to dirty jokes. 

They are improv, which means even if they play the same games, you're going to get a completely different show every time.  You're going to have fun.  Trust me!  Plus, there's really no such thing as a "bad" seat here.  Even in the back row you're close enough to the stage to be in on the games.  But if you can sit right in the front, I recommend it, because some of the facial expressions from the actors are priceless, especially in those rare instances that one of their team members catches them off-guard. 

Be sure to add them on Facebook.  Every now and then they'll have last minute specials, plus their shows frequently sell-out, and Facebook is often the quickest way to get that info so you don't have to try going to a sold-out show.

Highly recommended, especially if you need a laugh.
We went here for dinner on a Saturday night to celebrate a friend's birthday last year. We had a large party, but had called ahead so we did not wait for a table (score!). It was packed. 

The food is pretty good here. Not bad, but nothing outstanding. My main complaint is with the service. Very slow, inattentive.... for a place that comes so highly recommended ...I think the staff feels they don't have to try very hard and it shows. We ordered a pitcher of the "Shakin' Lemondade" and we ASKED our waitress ahead of time how many glasses we could get out of it. I think she said 5 or 6. NO WAY. It came, she put the glasses down and started pouring...MAYBE 4 of us got enough lemonade. When one of us said, "Oh I thought you said this would be enough...?" She rudely said, "Oh you'll need another pitcher for all of you". That's why we asked first, honey. It was a very good drink but NOT worth the price tag. 

I am just over these douche-y, pretentious Phoenix restaurants that have crappy service but get away with it just because of the name of the place. We're in Phoenix, not New York City. Get over yourselves.
My daughter and I stopped in for lunch. For me, it was my first time for lunch. Have been there many times for dinner.

The server was polite but the lunch was fantastic. We were brought wonton chips and a salad. I had the Shrimp pan fried noodles which is the BEST in the valley and my daughter had the Szechwan Orange Chicken with white rice. Our meal came out  really fast. My daughter has only an hour for lunch and the service was amazing.

The portions were not as large as dinner, but we could have made a dinner meal from the amount of food that was brought out. Everything was tasty and filling. My daughter brought half her meal home.

By far, this is one of our favorite Asian restaurants.
My husband and I love Jimmy Johns, we don't have one in Sacramento yet so we always eat there when we can.
Burgers were excellent (both BBQ bacon cheese and peanut butter bacon) and fries were even better. They cook burgers to order instead of chain-style aka overdone. Staff - I think one was probably the owner - was super friendly. Fun environment. Great shaded tables outside which are perfect this time of year. Very clean. Another win for the local scene!
Stopped in after buying a groupon.  Food is way overpriced.  I had a $20 groupon and only got two sandwiches (no sides), and two drinks.  I also splurged and got a piece of pecan pie.  Total rang up with me still owing $15 bucks. $35 bucks for two sandwiches and a piece of pie is a little ridiculous.   Food was ok.  It was hot and the restaurant area didn't have any air conditioning.  We sat out in the grassy picnic area which was nice but it was still hot.  Food was ok, but a little dry.
UPDATE:  12/30/06

The love affair is waning.  LGO has become overrun by pretentious annoying people accompanied by small children and little dogs.  Parking is a real problem.  I have gotten one too many plates of cold eggs.   And there seem be training issue going on at the coffee bar.  I have gotten several bad Spanish Lattes.  Very disappointing.  The counter service is also lacking - a lot of the new people working here just don't seem to care.  Ah, how I long for the good old days.  The prices here aren't exactly cheap.   I'm not sure this place is worth the bother anymore.  LGO, you are officially on probation.

UPDATE:  2/9/06

Okay, I love this place.  The Spanish Latte kicks ass.  And recent renovations have improved traffic flow.  It is still really busy, but understandably so.

++++++++++++++++++++++++++

I want to like this place more then I do.  It has really great fresh light food.  I love the breakfast and lunch choices.  It has a definite European touch.   I love the atmosphere.  It is just too darn small and busy. There is no where to sit and no where to park.  And if you are not a "regular" you don't always feel welcomed.  The concept and food gets 5 stars, but the hassle and spotty service brings it down to 3.  Nevertheless, I'm a sucker for this neighborhood hangout and I'm sure I'll be back.
Pearl hits the spot.  They have an all day happy hour menu with $2 beers, $4 rolls (CA roll, spicy tuna roll, etc) and $6 specialty rolls.  The sushi is good, not spectacular, but for the price its a great sushi restaurant.
Saturday breakfast at 10 am and it only took 15 min to be seated, I was impressed!  Husband got the Irish benny and looked pretty happy as he was wolfing it down.I went with the banana nut French toast and walked away on a crazy sugar high. Typical breakfast place, loud,family friendly.The fresh squeezed oj was a pleasant surprise.
I really like this place. I have been going here for years. The pizza is great and they have so many toppings. This place does deliver and they also have a pick up window on the outside of the building in front so you don't have to go inside to pick up your order. I have had so many things so ill make it quick. The red marinara here is good traditional. Its a nice red color with a hint of herbs and Parmesan. They also have a meat sauce that's good. I order the fettuccine with Alfredo, chicken, and broccoli often. The stuffed rigatoni are great as are the ravioli. The other thing I like about red devil is its not over priced like so many Italian restaurants. The food is consistently good here and the prices are right. They have sandwiches and salads as well and of course dessert. I'm always to full to get dessert here.
I have been to World Market on various occasions, and I just love everything about it, especially during the Christmas season. The store is always clean and organized, the staff is very friendly, and they have awesome coupons for awesome stuff! World Market has a huge variety of products, from food to wine to toys to kitchen gear to furniture - it's all here, in one wonderful, magical store! I usually don't come here looking for things - it's more like I come here and things find me. Today I walked away with a set of mixing bowls, two adorable polar bear ornaments, and hot chocolate (some of which turns pink - what?!), using a $10 off coupon I received for being a "World Market Explorer" (aka, just give them your damn email address). Seriously love this place and can't wait for them to stock up on even more Christmas decor!
The stylist that did my hair  is Jolene Gomez.  She really knows how to tame this thick wavy hair.  My favorite is the deep condition shampoo style.  However Im looking into having a kertan treatment.  The boutique style salon is tucked away but a hidden gem for sure.
i always find something cute at this particular ross!

the store is more organized than other ross stores in the phoenix area. lines move swiftly!
The BEST bagels in the Valley!!  


Always on the lookout for great places to go with kids!
Very tasty and friendly service at the market. Picked up some fresh ground Turkish coffee while there.
My whole family comes here, and we love it! We all see the hygienist Aimee because she is truly the best. She so nice, and she does remember everyone even though appointments are only once every six months. Aimee always explains what she observes with my teeth and gives me useful advice for how to take better care of my pearly whites. She answers all my questions and leaves notes for the doctor to review. Dr. Geronimo and Dr. Comacho are also very nice and helpful. I am no longer afriad of seeing the dentist because the staff here are so great and put me at ease.
Divine crepes and great service. We went for a late lunch and couldn't have been happier with the service, ambiance, and quality of the food.
Only God knows how this place is still in business....the food is over priced and smells like an old folks home...the menus are on their last leg and out of date....Not to mention the fact that they are trying I save a few bucks by keeping the A/C off so it's hot as balls in the place....service treats you like your the first customer they have had in a few months. and last but surely not least....their "HAPPY HOUR" is a joke!!! There are no drinks on special and the food...well the only food on the happy hour menu is the sushi! And you only get the happy hour deal for HALF PRICE SUSHI.......IF....you order at least 5 items off the sushi menu.....save your time and your money....there are plenty of other places that will be better! 

The most exciting part of our visit (we ordered drinks and left) was the cardboard cut out sumo wrestler.
Black Forest Ham & Egg Sandwich 
Combined with Great Service is an excellent combo.... Also had a mocha and
it was......Delicious .....
All I can say is how nice it is to have a true deli restaurant so close to home when I'm so far away from home (Chicago).  Whether you're in the mood for breakfast (served ALL DAY), lunch (sandwiches) or dinner (entrees), Chompie's has the best breakfasts, best sandwiches (the corned beef sandwich will give you enough meat to make another 2-3 sandwiches), and best home cooked entrees I've ever eaten at a deli.  Plus, their matzo ball soup is TO DIE FOR!!!  Big, soft balls just like my grandma used to make!
Well, on the way to this location we called and asked the girl who answered the phone which corner of Cooper and Ray they were on and she said she didn't know, hmmm (SE corner BTW). When we walked in there was a very strong cleaning chemical odor coming from the propped open bathroom. The decor is very stark and the service less than enthusiastic.   There is a handwritten sign by the "salsa bar" threatening prosecution of any apprehended hot sauce thieves, you are warned! Food wasn't terrible, just not very good.  Won't be returning.
I was invited to Culinary Dropout for a Moms night out - and as a mom - nothing is better than having good food, a few drinks, and nice conversation.  I really wanted to be excited about this place but as soon as I saw the drink list was more extensive than the actual food menu I knew I was at a bar (which isn't what I was going for)..

That being said - the drinks were exceptional - between the HomeEc Martini to the bacon infused Bloody Mary...  Hands down, FIVE stars..  Overpriced?  I think the pricing aligns with the market/area..

The place was loud..  Like, really loud..  Which again, kind of aligns with the whole "bar" feel.  It wasn't conducive for conversation that didn't require yelling..  However, the general appearance of the place gives your senses a little tingle because it is beautifully decorated, from the multiple GIANT chandeliers to the purple, textured wall, it was pleasing to the eye.  Which was a nice distraction from the groaning in my stomach from the hour and a half wait.

When it did come time to be seated and order I was forced to review that scant menu once again..  Because of all of the Yelpers recommendation, we got two orders of the pretzel fondue, as well as one order of oysters.  Nothing wrong with any of it.  Oysters were nice and fresh and properly prepared (very important!); the pretzel fondue was good but I didn't see God or anything.  Pretzels were nice and fluffy.  I kind of 'get' the 'dropout' concept from the menu - meatloaf, fried chicken, beef stroganoff, burgers, gnocchi - I guess they are giving a twist to comfort foods..?  The descriptions were lacking, and I didn't read one description that screamed "eat me! I'm awesome!"..  I finally settled on beef stroganoff simply because I imagined it would be hard to be disappointed.  It was obvious to me they are using quality, fresh ingredients.  The stroganoff had peas, nice pieces of meat, mushrooms, and a nice beef broth; but ya can't give a girl a dollop of sour cream?  C'mon man!  It wasn't terrible - but it wasn't the eighth wonder of the world either.  

Will I go back?  For drinks, yes...  But will reserve my meal for a better menu, with better tasting food, probably some where else.
There was a time I was about to completely give up on Red Robin. It was right after the time when they started asking "Some pink or no pink?". I tend to be one of those weird people that likes a medium burger (or med/rare if I know the place grinds their beef on site). And the burgers always tasted overcooked to me.

But the past few visits things have been better. The burgers taste good, they do not seem to be cooked quite as much, and the service is always friendly. There are better local places to get a burger. But this is place has definitely improved in the past couple of years!
I have been frequenting this place for years. Great chinese food. The food is always better if you go for dinner. Dining in is waaay better than take out and lunch time. For dinner they bring out fresh fried wontons and for dessert you get fried banana wontons and fortune cookies. Brings back childhood memories :)
We always order the golden gate fish which is fried pieces of fish in a sweet sauce with toasted walnuts. It's very good, better than the shrimp version. The szechuan chicken is really good too. If you like it spicy make sure you specify that when you order. I always need chilli oil on the side. But the food is very good, I keep going back. 
Service can be slow, so if you get a hold of the waitress tell her everything you want at once, cuz you don't know when she will be back :P But the staff is very friendly.
4 of us went to dinner tonight at The Keg.  Megan was our server, she was awesome.  2 out fo the 4 of us order the Foundation Special, it was Prime Rib and prosciutto wrapped shrimp.  When our meal came out there was this odor coming from the 2 plates.  The prosciutto wrapped shrimp had a very strange odor.  It smelled like WET DOG! BAD! to the point that we didn't want to smell it anymore, and it kept wafting towards us.  At the end of the meal we had the shrimp set aside, 2 tried the shrimp, NASTY, it tasted like it smelled.  We informed Megan and she went and got the manager, she agreed with us that it smelled gross.  JOSH the manager came over and said "I expected this, I thought it smelled funny!"  My husband asked him "why did you let this come out to our table if you noticed the smell?"   Josh was a douche about the whole thing.  He took off both meals, still he did not own up to his "management" mistake, Megan you were very nice and a great server so thank you, JOSH get your head out of your ass and do you job.  If you keep sending out nasty food, you wont have a job anymore!
I have literally never eaten such horrible food in my life. I was so excited for a new delivery place near my house and I couldn't have been more disappointed. 
1.  Cheesesteak was completely indelible. 
2.  Cheese fries were thrown away after I ate one. 
3.  Wings were decent but very soggy. 
4.  Garlic cheese bread tasted like cardboard. 
5.  Pizza tasted like cardboard with cheese on it. 
6.  The ranch was watery. 

Save your money and go elsewhere.
I am confused by some of the extremely positive reviews I have read about this restaurant. Yes, service is friendly and efficient, but the food is mediocre. 

I have found the slices I've ordered to be tired from sitting out for quite a bit of time with congealed cheese that just seems to slide off the pizza. Similarly, the chicken parmesan meal that I ordered last night was acceptable, but far from stellar. Cheese was not melted and the chicken did not seem particularly appetizing.

I think the problem is that Phoenix is so lacking in New York style "buy a slice," dive-style pizzerias that people in Phoenix are willing to settle. Were this restaurant transported to New York, New Jersey or Connecticut, it would barely survive a weekend. I feel bad writing such a negative review given the friendliness of the staff (and the food is a good "value" in terms of quantity, but not quality), but they really do need to seriously reconsider the product they are putting out and how it can be improved.

Perhaps I will order a fresh pizza from them one day and then update my review...I'd like to hope it would be better, but I'm not holding out much hope.
I am going to update my review according to some more recent experiences. The staff has been a bit more brusque with me lately, especially over the phone when pre-ordering lunch. Also, since I became vegetarian I have been ordering my favorite sandwich but without meat- this has seemed to cause issues and my last sandwich was sloppy and thrown-together looking, even though it is essentially just a grilled cheese sandwich. Why is that so difficult?
Acacia Cafe, you have disappointed me.
nicest BJ's around.. the micro brews were amazing and the chicago style pie is great
Tried one of their soups the other day and it was hideous. Stay away from the bacon Potato Soup because the chef put a ton of dill in it and that is all the soup tasted like - a bowl of Dill Soup. Also tried a brownie (not everything is made in-house) and that was over-iced, but otherwise decent enough. Found Prickly pear BBQ sauce and prickly pear jelly so that is good news. The parmesan pasta in the display case had some moments, but needed salt and pepper.
Being a stranger to town, it took a while to find it, but well worth the search.  I was hungry for cajun food and thought I would give it a try, and am glad I did.  I tried both the gumbo and jambalaya and both were excellent.  I sat at the bar, and the service was friendly and attentive. Although it is a long drive, I will be going back as soon as I have another craving for cajun food.
Well, I hate when I'm the outlier to otherwise really good reviews, because it means we probably just caught them on a bad night. That being said, we won't ever be back. Went last Sunday evening for my birthday, service was terrible. And I mean not just normal terrible but I thought about leaving less than 15% terrible which is just unheard of for ex servers like us. Food was only mediocre.

The first of our party of four arrived and was seated on the patio at 5:55. The patio is amazing of course with all the nice couches etc, unless you are sat at a little plastic fold up table with folding chairs like we were. The rest of us arrived at 6 and finally at 6:10 our server came by for the first time and took our drink order. We still didn't even have waters yet. Our server was clearly swamped, and seemed responsible for the entire patio which was full. We would have to flag her down for every interaction going forward, and then wait forever for whatever we ordered to arrive.

I started with a glass of sangria, it was okay. We had the cheese board and the bruschetta, they were okay. We had a couple of pizzas, they were okay. The food was noticeably worse than, Postino for example. My companions all thought the pizza was pretty good, but they are wrong. :)

So yeah, I'm sure it's better than the experience we had there and I don't feel like blathering on about just how bad the service was that night, but I won't be back. Oh another thing, they cut their bruschetta into 3 slices instead of 4. Our little group of 4 are regulars at Postino who of course do 4 slices each so that was pretty tilting. :)
Meh. Everything was fine, edible, decent "home cookin'". Hubby had the pot pie which had great tasting filling but a tough crust. Since I won't be headed to Saugatuck, MI this summer, I won't be able to get my annual open faced roast beef at the Kalico Kitchen. So I decided to give Mother's version a try. Not too shabby. Dinners come with a lot of bread and butter, and some come with a trip to the salad bar. Hubby really liked their cole slaw.

Then, we fought over pie. I wanted coconut cream, but Hubby sat there dejectedly until I relented on the chocolate peanut butter. Damn manipulator. The filling was mighty tasty, but  I did not care for the stabilized whipped cream on top. It didn't taste as fresh as it should have. The pie slices are massive, so our sweet gamer-boy waiter brought it to us already cut in half. 

We might be back, maybe some night when neither of us wants to cook and we're tired of the usual suspects.
Great place when you want great wings and not a lot of frills or ambience. Carved out in a mostly empty strip mall area. But they are always busy. 

So many favors to choose from, I think there are 18? You can't find that variety anywhere else. I'm always true to the honey BBQ whenever I order wings, and ATL does them well. Once I overheard someone at another table talking about the seasoned wings and how he orders them every time. 

So, my next visit I tried the seasoned and WOW, they are good! Now I get them every time as well. I don't know what the seasoning is, but it is so good. I think they are dipped in butter too. Yummy! The great thing about ATL is that you can order your wings in different flavors in multiples of 6. Now I order 6 seasoned and 6 honey BBQ. Perfect. 

I love the crispness of their wings and they are always piping hot to your table. I have had the special of six wings, fries and a soda for 6.99. Great value and the fries are good. I'm not too happy about their soda in cans. I'd rather have a fountain drink with ice. They do have KoolAid as an alternative though. 

I couldn't give them 5 stars because my husband ordered chicken fingers as he doesn't like anything on the bone. they weren't anything special. It seemed like something they picked up at Costco. Not worth ordering again. But that is not their specialty...his loss, right?

It seems that every time I have been there that there is at least one person whom ordered to go and ended up pulling up to a table to eat because they just couldn't wait to dig in. 

They are that good!
We absolutely Love the care that our 12 yr old Cocker Spaniel (coach) receives when he is here for his spa day.  Wendy takes phenomenal care of him and he comes home looking and smelling so nice! You cant go wrong here.
As a pizza savant, I am severely limited by both nature and nurture:)

I have been to the pinnacle (Bianco's Pizzeria)...a couple of times, in fact...and found it unfulfilling:(

I have looked into the pizza abyss (Chuck E Cheese or Totino's Frozen...too close to call), and come away scarred but stronger.

I suppose some of it is nurture...the cattle ranch was a hard place to grow up and I did not eat pizza until I left home at 15 for college...Shakey's in Corvallis, OR:)

Losing my pizza virginity was a revelation and a delight:)...I was forever altered...forever better:)

And there is, no doubt, some nature involved...I can only think of 2 things that I can't eat and neither one involves pizza of any sort:)

And that brings me to today...I will at least try anybody's pizza pie:)

Some are better than others, but very few are truly bad:)

So when the Beautiful Carin and I wandered over to Oregano's the other night, it was with the anticipation of a pretty good pizza and a pleasant atmosphere to enjoy it in:)

We were not disappointed:)

The entirely reasonable 20 minute wait went by quickly with free pizza slices to nibble and frequent refills for our drinks, while we sat comfortably and listened to the music:)

When we got our table...outside, under the mist...our server was friendly, attentive and knowledgeable...but we already knew what we wanted:)

It's all pretty good at Oregano's:)

This time we had a deep dish pepperoni, sausage, mushroom and olive pie, along with a Mrs. Gibbilini's spinach salad...way too much for 2 people but the leftovers are great for lunches and dinner for 2 more days:)

We've had the thin crust, the Chicago style, sandwiches, and salad...even the wings, on occasion:)

The pies are well designed, well prepared, customizable and tasty!

The sauce isn't too sweet, the cheeses selected for the pies complement the sauce and the crusts are well made and have great "tooth"...the right mix of crunchy vs. chewy:)

I've seen the debates...oh yes, I read the reviews..."Chicago pies rock"..."New York is the only real pizza"...yada, yada, yada:)

Well, I am waiting for a pizza to rock my world the way that first slice of Shakey's pepperoni did, all those years ago...it may not ever happen...they say you never forget your first time:)

But Oregano's always serves up a good pie (regardless of whether I'm in the mood for Chicago, Thin crust, deep dish or whatever...along with all the accompaniments and alternatives I could ask for:)

Does Oregano's rock my world?...No, only the Beautiful Carin does that these days, but they do bake up a pretty decent pie:)
Went back Saturday for lunch, Oh my... so good..Ordered the same as last time expect on our pizza our waitress recommended to put onions on it...she was right that was gooooooood.  Hubby and me fought over the leftovers that night...hehe...   so good..
My first time here, My wife and I decided to swing on in and try the food late one night around 12. I had the carne Asada burrito and she had the steak fajita burrito. Both were super bomb and neither burrito dripped grease everywhere which is a definite plus over filibertos.
I have never been impressed with Peruvian food, but this place was excellent.  Wonderful and genuinely friendly service.  I had the white fish ceviche.  Sometimes ceviche can be heavy on the garnish, and light on the fish.  Not so here: plenty of fish, and even a little spicy, which I love.  I wish there had been some more of the yam.  The dish also came with these huge corn kernels.  My dining partner's dish with beef was also quite tasty - the beef was well marinated and so tender.  We liked the purple corn drink too - a little like jamaica with cloves.  Not too sweet, either.  We will definitely be back!
Always fair. They are very friendly and helpful. I am always treated well when I go there.
A little tricky to find.  They are behind the Fossil store.

Basically these are standard cupcakes.  They do have some unique ones (such as pumpkin spice for Halloween).  I had a double-chocolate, and it was good.  But it wasn't $3.75 good.  I could do almost as well at home (I'd just need to learn how to do the butter cream frosting).

As I said, the cupcake was good.  But it wasn't GREAT.  And for $3.75 it should be GREAT.  But I suppose if you want something unique (like the pumpkin spice), it might be worth it to come here.
Great food, friendly service, cool space.  Nice place for a good meal in downtown Mesa.
Gas is hard to find and there are cars going in every direction. I did not want or need a car wash. People are in a big hurry here, and no one waits for those to fillup and pull forward. 2.65 a gallon today!
When we lived in AZ, my biggest regret was not coming here. I've always wanted to try it.

Doing our road tripping this week, I was able to. 

Parking was easy for a weekday...we went in - through the wrong door. Oops. The server who was stocking things seemed surprised, but rolled with it. She said we could sit anywhere we wanted (we were a party of three). We chose a table for 6 so we could spread out a little and not be so squished. She immediately snapped, "Not that - it's for 6 people." I almost said, "Then don't tell us we can sit wherever we want..." I refrained. That surly girl nearly spoiled it, but luckily our server saved the day.

I saw the hot dog...you know, the 22 inch insane monster on the menu. I split it with my friend. We didn't even finish it. It was delicious, if a bit salty. I knew it was a salt overload because in under an hour my fingers were swollen. :( Oh salt, why must I love you yet be so affected by you?

We didn't finish it, but definitely enjoyed it. If I get this again when in town, I'll get it plain and still split it with a friend.
There's tons of strollers; it smells like a zoo, oh yeah, and there's some lights. Sorry  Zoo Lights, I'm not impressed. I would have given it one star but it was nice to walk around. Otherwise, the crowds and smells really ruined it. I'd rather go to one of those drive thru lights extravaganzas. I've also been to better neighborhood Christmas lights shows. I won't be going next year.
Very good food. Shrimp roll appetizer was great, and a nice light/fresh strawberry salad for $9 is a deal at this resort.
At the time Zach C. wrote his review, Walgreen was housed in the crumbling strip mall on the SE corner of Mill & Broadway. After a mysterious construction, there is now a goregous new Walgreen on the SW corner of Mill & Broadway. I am not sure why they moved it across the street except for liquor laws has been one of the motives voices (like not wanting to see it anymore) or the competition of a bright shiny CVS on Mill & University (which I gave a solitary star and I begrudge an hour of my life wasted trying to read O magazine while waiting 2 hours for simple antibiotics w/o ANY seating).

Anywho.

This is my go to place. I love the Walgreen on Southern and Rural since they have the nicest Pharmacists who have outstanding advice for any ailment (they saved my feet from further ant bite torture twice-best tip-the minute you get an ant bite, keep drying it out w/alcohol to prevent swelling as well as benedryl) and will answer any embarrassing question with humor and will go into the aisles with you.

Now with the new pharmacy in the back of this Walgreen, they have a designated seating area, three drop off/pick up windows, roped off areas for the windows.  When my sinus problems spread into my ears, I was given a heavy dose antibiotic that costs at the cheapest $75 generic. I was offered the Walgreen drug program for $25 a year, and brought the generic down to $39.99. They have an honest wait time, a good selection of magazines to ponder and actually good merchandise and food items one would want to purchase while in the store anyway.

The consulatation is always thorough, and recently had to go for another antibiotic and saved $10 on the prescription from the membership since I was in the system.

Well stocked beverage fridge, enough employees, sales on items I like, and pretty bum free- value.
I absolutely love the food here, everything is cooked and seasoned to perfection. The service is sometimes a little slow, but I go for dinner and don't mind since the food is so delicious. The naan is so good, and the tandoori wraps are amazing.
Finally got around to stopping in here today since I happen to live in the neighborhood and I couldn't be happier I did. I ordered a sugar free vanilla latte with nonfat milk...they did not have the sugar free flavoring, however, a friendly gentleman (seemed like maybe the owner?) went above and beyond accommodating the request by adding real vanilla and leaving sugar out. He handed me the coffee and assured me if I needed any extra vanilla to not hesitate to ask. I love that sincerity and genuine want to ensure the customer is satisfied...lastly, my partner and I ordered beignets to go. They come in batches of three and are made to order which, I think as someone posted before, are well worth the wait. I've actually only had beignets one time at the infamous Cafe DuMonde in New Orleans when I visited there earlier this year and I have to say these things are comparable, if not even better than those! They are huge in size and crispy in all the right places on the outside while soft on the inside....just don't bite in too quickly as they come out piping hot! If I can, I will attach a photo of mine before I annihilated it. Seriously happy to see this sort if place in my neighborhood, I will definitely go back.
Danny's Family Car Wash is a reminder of all that is wrong with this world.  

This is nothing less than a third world car wash with all the dirty water, inattentive labor and indifference that you would expect from people that really do not want to be there.

Look Danny, here it is bro.  If you don't want to run a car wash, do something else.  If I was in your family, I would be the one that does not talk to you.
If I would rather repeatedly shoot myself in the junk with frozen paintball pellets than go to a certain bar, then you know it must have a lot going for it.
I pretty much get the same couple things. Spanikopita &/or Greek salad, or Gyro. I recently tried the chopped pizza. Surprisingly good!  A thin crust pizza with chopped toppings including gyro meat and pepperoni. I also like the lamb shoulder (not sure if all locations offer this). Its so tender a flavorful! You can't leave w/o having the Baklava for dessert! 

I think kids under 12 eat free (perhaps select locations)! That's always a bonus for parents! The only 'bad" thing for me is their wine selection has alot to be desired. Great Happy Hour btwn 4-7 and a Reverse Happy Hour after 10. 

Bon Appetite!
I really, really wanted to like this place. Unfortunately, when I got there at about 4pm, the empanadas had been picked over and there were few left to choose from. We only liked the sweet empanadas, none of the savory ones. The gentleman behind the counter was nice, but flustered and clueless on how to run my debit card thru the reader on the iPad to pay. Due to not so great food and uninviting, tiny space, I'll probably not be going back.
Lux probably makes the best coffee in Phoenix. 
Orange mocha frapachino SUV cup holder coolers are in huge demand in the Phoenix area and I don't blame anyone for truing to cash in on that but it's not coffee. I'm very skeptical of locally owned coffee shops who try to go tow to toe with the big dogs and serve up every kind of chi, matte, blender made liquid imaginable. Lux has been good about sticking to a small menu and doing it well. New Batista's are quickly up to snuff. 
I like the clean modern sixties Scottsdale feel. second owner seemed to have brought in a neighborhood crowd that gets a little territorial with the place with their children and laptops. Lux should really turn off the wi-fi during peak hours and keep the place from looking like a home office. 
PS, it scares away new customers.
If you are looking for a place to sit with your laptop that also has good coffee check out Copper Star down the street.
We went for a late lunch and had a wonderful experience!  We had the Chicken Artichoke soup and it was the best soup I have ever had.  The staff was fast and very friendly.   We will be going back!!!
:: DON'T GO HERE ::

It simply isn't worth it, and I am not just talking about the food.

The food is "meh" at best - nothing special at all.  

We tried it for breakfast and we had the ham and cheese omelet and the kids french toast.  

Wasn't horrible, but wasn't great either.

Why the 1 star?

Because they don't validate parking.

Which means when your total breakfast tab is less than 20 bucks, you are going to pay 12 bucks for parking unless you are lucky enough to get a spot with a meter right in front of the restaurant.

Oh, and there are no signs that tell you they don't valiate parking - you just get to learn it the hard way.

Or read this - and simply skip this place.

Trust me, you aren't missing anything - there are plenty of other great places within a 5 block radius to go to breakfast.
The pho is good but I had one BIG problem. I ordered Spring Rolls and they never brought the peanut sauce. I've never been to a place where peanut sauce did not come with my spring rolls.

Also, the three bean desert was a bit disappointing.

I will agree, the place is authentic, but I guess I'm just spoiled by Pho restaurants in OC (Little Saigon)
We are from out of town and our friends raved about the pizza here...we were quite disappointed. For starters, we understand waiting a while to get seated on a busy night, bur several of the female waitresses seemed to have friends who they sat ahead of us an many other guests who had been waiting a long time. Our order was taken quickly, but the food took forever to arrive! And the food was just ok, nothing exciting. Also, my wife ordered a water along with her margarita, and never got it until we flagged down our waitress to remind her. The waitress didn't follow up with us after delivering the food. We also finished off with the ice cream cookie and that was super mushy.
yummmy...I live for their potato cream cheese soup in a bread bowl.  It is an obsession of mine...the bread bowl makes it that much better!  Then to top it off the cupcakes with chocolate frosting and the fruit tart is FABULOUS!!  The iced green tea with guava is refreshing!  I love going here for lunch and dinner...the asian chicken salad is awesome to!!!

**I want to update**
I give this place 5 stars because the customer service could not be better!  I will continue to go here forever!  Thank you Wildflower!!!

**Update Again**
I just need to say that the management and staff at this location are the most amazing people in the entire world!  They have the most wonderful food and I would just like to say the hummus plate with chicken in the most delicious thing in the world!  The new Cheddar Braised Beef sandwich...OMG its awesome!  This place deserves an award!
There sure was a lot of hype about this place over the past few weeks.  I finally gave in and drove out to see it for myself.  I was a little under-impressed with the inside but no bother.  I ordered one of my favorite BBQ dishes of all time - the loaded baked potato.  This one had pork which is really the only appropriate topping. 

As far as the bbq goes, it was wicked good.  Some of the best bbq pork I've had from a local joint in AZ.  The potato, on the other had, was over heated to a fault.  Way too hard.  It wasn't so bad that it ruined the meal but it sure was a shame to screw up such good bbq with such a rock hard potato.

I might go back.  There are so many more bbq places to try.  There wasn't anything on the menu that made me want to come back.  It was really good though and, if I was over there (or their other location) it's probably the best bbq in that part of town.
I've been there a number of times, well at least to the front of the establishment anyways (see below.) I've visited both during the day for lunch and in the evening for a night on the town.

During the day, my lunchtime experience was decently price, however the food is mediocre in flavor. I ordered a burger and some wings and was disappointed by both. I had a couple of drinks and they were decently priced considering the heavy pour, but the cups are pretty small for cocktails. Beer is definitely the way to go if you are drinking.

In terms of the evening, I have attempted to visit probably 6 times over the last year and have only been allowed in twice. The bouncers will profile you at the door to decide if you get in or not. They take a glance at your ID and then turn their attention to you. I find that they typically will comment about me either wearing shorts or they suggest that my pants are too baggy (which they never are). I found that the two times that I did get in were sepcial circumstances: the first time I arrived with a friend who was white and we were allowed into the club, the second time I was with a large group of girls celebrating someones birthday and I was allowed in. Every other time when I was attempting to get in, I was turned down every single time.

I wish they wouldn't be so critical and stereotype me, but I guess it's there job to do so. I will never make an attempt to go during the day or at night. Just be forewarned that they are on the look out for people they don't want in their bar. I don't like it, but I've learned to accept it. Plenty of other bars in Tempe that understand my money is just as green as anyone elses.
Came here for the first time visiting from SC. Decor and setting was very cool. Ordered "The Stacker" which was on special. Huge 10 oz burger topped with sliced pastrami and cheese... Unreal size and taste! Got the half and half fries which were great as well. The wait staff was friendly and very accommodating. The GM Scott came by our table to check up on us and was awesome! You can tell he's invested in making The Grind a first class establishment. Will definitely come back again!
The facility is clean and architecturally beautiful.  

BUT why would they concrete the decking of a pool in 100+ degree days in AZ?!?!?  It's slippery and hot on your feet.  Saw someone slip and hit their head - an ambulance was called to take her to the hospital for a concussion. 

The ratio of pool guest to lifeguards seems to be 3:1.  

Each time there is an injury instead of taking the person up to the first aid room all 50 guards blow their whistles and corral every single guest out of the pool and the entire pool area.  You are not allowed to find your children or grab your towels or even a water!  It's an absurd practice.  I will not return.  I agree that if the guards are dealing with an emergency people should get out of the pool but to corral everyone off the grounds is a bit much.
I'm updating my review from a former 5-star review because, while the majority of my experiences are positive, there are a few negative employees that are in glaring contrast to the bulk of their peers. But mainly, the Tire Center and Pharmacy drag the rating down significantly.

I have both my prescription and the Costco prescription plans, and have inadvertently overpaid when the less expensive plan was not used. It seems like it would be an easy process to check which plan would save their members the most, and bill accordingly. So when this happens they have to re-run it, which slows down the line. There also is NEVER enough front-end help at the pharmacy, so in my experience there is always a line. My wife has also found it challenging to get a prescription filled the same day, which is standard service at the retail pharmacies. 

The Tire Center has never given me satisfactory service. When they mounted my new tires they scratched my rims and I could not hold them accountable even though no damage was noted on the check-in form.  Rotations were so hard to get done due to 2-3 hour wait times, that I paid other shops to do them for me. Finally, yesterday I was told my rear tires were "shot" and that because my rotations were further than "6,000 to 8,000 miles apart" the warranty would not be honored. I feel that if they are going to be so strict on that I should be informed upon purchase. I had a similar issue with my wife's car and Discount Tire went to bat for me and we worked out a pro-rated replacement cost. But Costco was unwilling to work with me in the least, which is surprising since their satisfaction guarantee is so comprehensive for retail items.

I have one last point, but it did not come into my rating criteria but is worth mentioning as a public service: I'm fairly certain my wife's car was hit in the parking lot, and when I called to ask to see security tapes, I was told there are no external cameras on the lot. I surmise that the "Bait Car Program" signs scattered through the lot are there to instill a false sense of security for your car. I also only thought to ask for footage because I know someone who had a similar incident at Sam's Club and they DID have footage that helped the police.

P.S. GET RID OF PEPSI AND GO BACK TO COCA-COLA!!!
My room smelled like B.O. every time I entered. I went into the gym and it was disgustingly hot, humid, and a bit smelly (but I worked out anyway). The water pressure in the shower sucked - like having some midget pour water on you from a bucket. But this is not what compelled me to write this review - I was going to let all this slide. What irked me was when I asked the guy behind the desk to give me a 5 AM wake up call because I had an event the next morning with three local TV channels attending. No wake up call. Good thing the alarm on my cell phone works. Next time I think the Courtyard Marriott might be in order.
I have to agree with the other posts. Great selection and very knowledgeable. I love that I can go in and describe what I am generally looking for and a price range and the staff always has a great selection. Even though I only stop in like once every two weeks or so the guy always remembers what I bought last time. Two big thumbs up.
Sylvia's is a delicious family-style Mexican restaurant. My friends and I love to go here and hang out while enjoying their huge portions. I'm a big fan of the refried bean chimichanga. Their flour tortilla chips are REALLY good (and unlimited)! They not-so-recently became a full-wait staff restaurant, too. It's nice to be able to sit down and enjoy yourself without having to jump up for a chip and drink refill every 10 minutes. The restaurant itself is clean and has a nice, authentic flair to it. It has a large outside seating area for when the weather is nice. All around a great place to enjoy some laidback Mexican food with family and friends.
I can't honestly believe that I am giving a buffet 4 stars, but I can't help it.  The husband and I decided to try something new after a failed attempt at Stacy's Smokehouse (they only take cash).  A quick turnaround and a short drive later, we arrived at Sabor Cubano.  I already knew I liked the place when the first thing I saw upon walking in was a giant fish tank.  I'm a sucker for fishies.  The girl who greeted us was super sweet and her accent was absolutely adorable.

Now, I'm no expert on authentic Cuban food, but I did try a really good Cuban place in Miami and this was right along the lines of that place.  The buffet is small but comprehensive.  There are a couple different types of beans, a few offerings of rice, a soup, and many meat dishes.  Oh, before I forget, there are these amazing little fried wonders called croquettes (I think) and they were insanely good.  I have no idea what they are or what was in them, but I ate like 6 of them.  The beans were very tasty but the rice had been out too long (the place was empty when we got there).  The meat dishes however were really great.  The meat was all very tender and juicy.  I'm not really sure how Cuban food is prepared, but from what I discovered here, everything is slow roasted and delicious and full of deep, full bodied flavor.  The yucca is also really really good and something I had never tried before, kind of like tastier mashed potatoes.  To end our meal, I decided to put off my previous conceptions about flan and ordered what is considered The New Times best Flan in 2008.  It was good.  I was a little off put by the weird texture, but the sweetness kept pulling me in.  There is also a small salad and dessert buffet.  The dessert is nothing spectacular, rice pudding that I did not like, simple chocolate pudding, and blueberry muffins (???),

I hope this place is doing well.  It's nice to have a different buffet option other than the million Chinese buffets and the generic Hometown/Old Country Buffet.  It's also right off the 19th and Camelback lightrail stop so there is no excuse to not try it.
Very friendly service and so inexpensive for pedicures! My boyfriend and I really enjoyed relaxing here.

The only negative is that I wish they had a bit more of a selection of nail polishes. Also, they ask that we don't use credit cards.
Super friendly service - even when you're looking for something they don't carry.

I stopped in a few weeks to see if they had the spray you can use to clean your yoga mat. It turns out they don't carry it, but not only did they give me some other ideas on how to clean my mat, they called several studios and retail stores until we found it available at Whole Foods.

Yes the clothes are pricey, but the men's clothes I have are well made and very comfortable.

And lets not overlook the best element of all... Ladies, if you want your ass to look incredible, get yourself a pair of Lululemon yoga pants. You'll feel more confident, your special someone will appreciate it, and if you don't have a special someone these pants might help you get one.

Seriously, I think there is some black magic that goes into the making of Lululemon yoga pants... but as a red-blooded American guy, I'm certainly not complaining!
Being skeptical of spray tans, I was hesitant to try Sun Gun. This is place is amazing. The staff is excellent, inviting and most of all good at what they do. It's a super modern and exceptionally clean place. The product is absolutely the best. You won't be disappointed.
Fantastic food, location, and ambiance. I love the trees that line the drive as you enter the farm. They set the stage for an amazing night. 

My meal started with the smoked trout which was divine. My mouth is watering just remembering. My meal was the gnocchi and it was top notch with fantastic flavor. Overall a wonderful dining experience. I can't wait to go back. I would eat that same meal over and over again!
Maybe it is a female thing or a near female thing that the reviews love this place so.

Yeah it is fine but I sure did not have an orgasm. So A-Ok is it.
Crackers & Co has great monthly specials, that constantly very and keep the regular menu fun.  They also serve great omelets and from what my friends say very good French toast.
This was the first time today that I was at a restaurant surrounded by cocks. And, sadly, this wasn't as stellar an experience as I'd hoped. :( 

Robert M and I went here for breakfast this morning and apparently that's a meal too early to be considered for taking here. The much-zinged about tacos wouldn't be served until 11 a.m. and it was 9:30 a.m. What to do but order a drink. We did; the bloody mary, which is made with house made charred tomatoes, pureed and served with Absolut vodka (can you believe this is their well? For sure!). We both needed to doctor up our drinks, because we like them spicier and I need salt in my everything, yet it was still short of great. Now, had I been wearing my flask belt buckle and thought ahead to fill it with vodka, this might have been a better bloody mary. With the menu limitations in mind, our choices were limited. As we were meeting up with another couple, we didn't want to eat too much and just sit and watch this couple eat, so we ordered the cheese crisp. Or was it crispy cheese? Either way, it's basically cheese toasted on a skillet until it's good and bubbly and crispy, rolled loosely and server. Good, and I'll try to make this at home. Huevos rancheros was my breakfast selection but I'd filled up too much on the crisp, water and bloody mary and wasn't able to finish it myself. Bless my pumpkin's heart, Robert finished for me. 

Apparently the service was off this morning, and it was painfully obvious. From being brought juice glasses for our water (I drink a lot of water and need constant refills) to feeling like we were left to fend for ourselves throughout the meal, something definitely wasn't flowing smoothly. However, I do want to come back and give this place another try. The volume of positive reviews showcase that Gallo Blanco can provide an exceptional dining experience. Until that time, I will have to round up my 2.45 stars to 3 stars. Please, Gallo Blanco. Don't let me down next time.
Absolutely disappointed and no intention of trying again. Service was pathetic,  our server never checked on us. They were out of diet coke. The decor was urban shabby chic meets thift store. Pizza was tasteless hardly any cheese.  Don't waste your time and money,  there's plenty of other great places in Phoenix.
Called this location to reschedule an appointment, after approximately 10 rings, someone pick up on their end then hung up.  I called back again, after approximately 5 rings a young lady named Meagan answered with an annoyed "Ulta, can I help you?".  I attempted to explain the reason for my call, and I was answered with another annoyed, "What? I can't hear you."  By that time I was annoyed, so I just hung up.  
Customer service is not this location's strong suit.  The employers need to school their employees on phone manners.  If you want customers to keep coming back, professionalism is highly recommended regardless of how your day is going.  
Needless to say I will be canceling my appointment  (in person) instead of rescheduling and shop a different location from now on.

Regards, 
Former loyal customer
This is the closest Chinese place to our new house, so we thought we'd give it a try. The food is pretty good and you get a lot of it. Highlights for me were the house chow mein with pan fried noodles and the wor won ton soup. Not much in the way of ambience or personality, so we'll probably get it to go from now on.
Woah mamma this place knows pies and sweets.  

Conveniently located within Sit and Stay, Mamma Toledo's offers the perfect opportunity to dine in and enjoy a sweet treat or take it on the road to your next adventure.  

I do not yet have a favorite pie as I have not found one that I am not impressed with yet.  The crust is always incredible as the fillings, so it makes it very difficult to say the pie would be better if... because Toledo's just nails it.  

Let me know if you find a favorite and I will definitely try it if I have not tried it already.
Last night was my first time there.  I had heard a few good things about it so I decided to go.  We sat on the patio which was great and it only got better from there!  Through some conversation with our server, Dre, I found out that not only was she a big time foodie like myself, however she was VEEY passionate about this establishment....... So, I closed my menu and asked her to choose for me as everything on the menu looked great.  Well, no surprise, I was not disappointed.  I had the chicken and my friend had tacos... UNBELIEVABLE and did I mention the guacamole and roasted corn???.... OFF THE HOOK!  ... Not to mention great character... A FABULOUS evening!
Owner or whoever was at the counter was extremely rude. I asked if they sold hot dogs because I was not familiar with the menu and the guy replies, "I don't know, we're getting ready to close." okaaay???? 
So I went to Johnnie's instead and had the BEST Chicago style hot dog and it was cheaper too!
Decent price, iced late is a bit unsweet for me. Long tables force you to sit with strangers, limited seating.

The wifi is free which is good but it's very hipstery, a bit too much for me.

Price is a lot but that's average for little coffee shops, they don't have a large selection of baked good there were 3 things available when I was there.

They do have books and games such as jenga for patrons which is cool. I would not recommend this place for getting work done, it's more of a relax/chill out type of place. 

The staff were very friendly and nice.
this is  actually a pretty good mrkt the usuall fresh fresh vegies,flowers,organic meats,cheeses breads and my fave the guy w /the balsamic viniger and olive oil but this balsamic for 30 dollars compares to any higher priced  balsamic. open sundays
Best Ethiopian food I've ever eaten!  After we were stuffed, I looked at my friend and said, "so, dinner here tomorrow?"
It's very telling that she took me seriously and if she hadn't had other commitments, the answer would have been YES.
Based on the recommendations of others, we got the Vegetarian and Meat Combo.
So much food!  It was all absolutely, unequivocally, delicious.
The Ethiopian Iced Tea is lovely too.

A word of warning, the service is not Americanized.  They serve you, and then leave you alone for the most part.  You can have anything you want, you just need to ask.  Also, most countries don't drink the gallons of beverages that we Americans do, so don't expect refills of anything without needing to ask.  It's a cultural thing.

The big bummer is that I'm pretty sure unless we Yelpers spread the word, it's not going to survive.  The interior is still the old Bacchanal restaurant, so that's going to turn people off, and their prices are crazy cheap., so they're not going to make enough money.

We need to pack this place with people.  The food is too good to lose.
I normally am a huge fan of Red Robin and have never been disappointed until this evening. As usual I order the clucks and fries, buffalo style.  When I order the clucks I ask for an extra plate so I can cut into them instead of trying to cut them in the basket and cutting up the paper. When I cut into the clucks this evening I noticed the chicken was extremely undercooked and by this time I had already taken my first bite. It was very pink in the middle and made me immediately stop eating. The server came back to the table and we explained what was going on, she offered to cook a whole new set. I went through the rest of the chicken to see if it was necessary and 3 out of the 4 pieces were all undercooked. I immediately gave her the entire basket back because I didn't want anything more to do with the food in it. She was nice enough to bring me out a new meal and comp me for the clucks but by then my entire table had already finished their food and had to then wait on me to eat my entire meal. I was nervous eating this basket but all seemed to be ok this time around. I appreciate the new basket and giving me my meal for free but undercooked chicken makes me very nervous. I not only will probably never order that meal again but may also avoid the restaurant all together.
I always give new places 2 tries.  After the 2nd time around, this place was alright.  First visit got the seared tuna salad and it was pretty good.  It had kind of like an Asian gingery kick to it.  Second time got the chicken curry.  It was decent, but was missing rice.  Curry is normally served w/ rice, but thought it was odd that I didn't get rice with it.  Atmosphere is nice especially having a girl's night out or just hanging out w/ a group of people.  Price-wise...it's a bit on the high side for simple food (meaning nothing too special about this place).
Best Pita Jungle in town. Brunch was awesome! Whole wheat pancakes, mimosas, and basic pita omelette all were delicious.
I was there on 10/18/13.  Obviously the kind of reviews it was receiving led to its on downfall.  The place is closed for "rebranding" - and may re-open under a different name in 2014.
I haven't seen so many mixed reviews.... I'm going with 4 stars tho.

I like the idea of a vintage ice cream parlor, but the price was a bit much for ice cream.
No doubt it was GREAT ice cream and the food was pretty good as well, but it lost the the last star due to the pricey menu.
First time trying Pomo last night. Quite a wait but completely worth it. Tip - you can call ahead and reserve a spot.
I've been coming here for over 6 years. First as single dude, then with my future wife and now with my kids (much less often). The bar is great, latin nights can get crazy and the food is really  good. If you're coming for food, come a little early. If you're coming for late night, it's loud and packed (and really fun). I highly recommend this joint over your usual Mexican fare.
Recently met a friend here for a late lunch on a weekday.  When I rolled up I was bummed that the happy hour beer specials didn't start until 2PM (two for one).  I was pleased when we got the receipt that since our server didn't ring us up until 2:15, we got the special!  The server was also good at being non-intrusive while we were catching up prior to looking at the menu.

As for the food, it was fine.  They had some nice lunch specials categories from 'single' through 'home run', which were basically an entree plus a salad and soda.  I went with a 'double', which was a one topping personal pizza, caesar salad and bottomless soda for $7.99.  Not a bad deal at all.  The pizza was good (and there was enough for leftovers), while the salad was just ok.  

I would definitely go back to Oggi's, especially for a happy hour.  I solidly rate them at a 3.5 and am going to round either up or down...think I'll go up, mainly because the service was solid.  (Plus, if you like sports, there are a ton of TV's in the place).
Soo I was unsure about coming here, but I mentioned to someone I would come. I found out about this place on Man V. Food I think or the internet. Anyway, I came all the way from Chandler to N. Phx to try this place. 

I was expecting a more quieter atmosphere at the time but they were blasting the soccer game. Also chips and salsa are not provided. 

The menu has a lot to choose from, I was soo undecided. However, I came here for the Torta del Rey, so thus that is what I ordered. I want to try to carne asada next time. Anyway, I knew it was going to be a huge sandwich. Lo and behold it was presented to me and all I did was gasp. WOW! It was a sandwich plus potato chips as a side (weird).

Let me remind you I am a nutrition student, this is far from healthy....ham, cheese, egg, chorizo, pork strips, etc. 
Great tasting sandwich, but I much preferred it with the green sauce they provided. I downed that first half in no time, but I could no conquer the whole sandwich. 

Great big sandwich for $9, not bad. Considering I could enjoy the other half later on. I would definitely go back to try the other menu items.
Took my dog here. It was the only place that doesn't require proof of shots. Pretty decent for my poor side. I can't cut my dogs nails cause they are black and I clip them too close and make him bleed every time I try. They gave him back to me and all seemed okay. Got him in the truck and he starts bleeding everywhere. Really I could have done that myself and save the gas and the cost of it. I won't be going back here. They get 1 star just because you don't need proof of shots to bring your animal there
First of all i would never ever  travel with grey hound never again because the buses are never clean! There always trash on the bus its disgusting. I was on my to Perris CA to visit my dad, taking the bus on the way there was horrible the  diver was a jerk . Then on the way back to Phoenix AZ very bad experience so i pay for my daughter ticket for her own seat because she 6 years old this bus was pack some people had all there seats the diver did not said nothing but this one guy move his stuff out the way but it was only one seat so my daughter had to sit on my lap i was very mad i did not pay for my child to sit on my lap now we are all most there to Az thats when the bus diver finally did something there was a heelchiar on the bus diver he tough he can pull out some seat justva little bit ugh it was a very tight squeeze never never again then what make things worse their customers service is really ridiculous i told them i want my money back they told me they can only give me two options you can credit to your next trip or $25 cash back hell no like i said never again
I had these guys install a set of 8000K HIDs for my headlights and foglights.  Upon completion, I found that when turning on the headlights normally, one bulb was out.  However, I was able to activate it by flipping my brights on and then turning them off every time I needed my lights.  I didn't know it at the time but this was a HUGE red flag.

Fast forward to less than a year later... my wife and I move out of state and while turning on my car at night to drive home from work, I find my foglights and the one headlight are not working.  I let it go for a while as its the peak season for the industry I'm in and don't have time to bring it somewhere for fixing.  Which would turn out to be my next mistake.  Finally, the inevitable happens... the last headlight goes out.  So... here I am, less than a year after I purchased these lights and both headlights and foglights are out.

I bring it to a local shop to have the HIDs taken out and go back to stock bulbs. They have had the car for a week now because the people who installed it literally cut the wiring for who knows what reason causing me to spend an extra $200 to re-wire my headlight assembly (I didn't have the fix the foglights which I can imagine will be another $100-$200).  

I gave these guys a 1-star only because I couldn't give a "0."  I wouldn't wish the poor service these guys do on my worst enemy.
Berry berry nice!!!
Had breakfast here this morning, prior to a doctor's appointment. While I was assured that everything I ate was gluten-free, it definitely wasn't (tummy troubles began 10 minutes into my meal... I was hoping it was just indigestion, but symptoms turned they way they do when I've been "glutened"). 

They have gluten free waffles and pancakes on the regular menu, so I went in with high hopes. I asked about the hash browns and sausage links and were told they were GF. I ordered the GF pancakes (which come as a side to the two egg breakfast). The pancakes had a very strange aftertaste (almost like there was cheap, not-cooked-out, too much vanilla extract... it was strangely alcoholic) and I wasn't convinced of the texture (VERY spongey). The hash browns were meh, plus I think they were the culprit. They tasted frozen (there's a certain texture that fresh hash browns have, and frozen hash browns are always suspect as most frozen potato products are coated in flour to prevent sticking together). While the ingredient list may not have listed gluten, would someone have noticed if it just said flour, especially if it didn't say wheat? I just don't know. 

They were also out of any caffeinated black tea. For breakfast. At a breakfast joint. I ended up with a passable green tea, but it wasn't fabulous.

I won't be back.
This is my new pizza hang out and take out joint.  I really like it.  It is a total neighborhood bar and pizza place.  I've had the salads, pizza and wings -- all were really good and at a good price.  I am looking forward to trying the sandwiches.  They look really good.

It's casual, easy going and the bar looks like it can get pretty neighborhoody fun.
The Duce, is nothing but short of awesome. Great food, your basically in slider heaven, with drink concoctions to keep your mind stimulated and wanting more, the Duce offers a nice haven for getting away. Whether with a group of friend or just a few drinks with a friend, the Duce has even a quite good collection of pf flyers and vintage shirts to keep any hipster at bay. It's definitely worth checking and super approved by us here at cafehunters.
Use to be my favorite Thai restaurant but have noticed that the quality has gone down dramatically over the last year. Had lunch here on Friday and this was the first time that I did not finish my meal or take the leftovers home. Had Pad tai. Very strong fish oil taste and chicken was tasteless. Overall the restaurant felt dirty and tables stick to the touch. Original owners were great. Not sure what's up with current crew.
Not sure how to handle this one. I really like this bar. If it were ever open. This place has good food, great beers and a really fun atmosphere.  However, it closes at 2pm during the week! I've heard of bars not opening until the afternoon/evening, but closing at 2pm and not opening back up for happy hour or dinner? That seems odd. It does seem to still be open on the weekend, so i'll try it again since I love their patio, but i just cant rate a bar that closes after lunch very highly./Art
Love it!!! Way better than Roscoe's Chicken & Waffles in Cali.. I crave chicken now. I recomend that you dont eat all day before you come becuase the portions are large. Yum
Doug and his guys at the A/C Doctors has made our life comfortable once again. We have used them a few times, and it seem most times it is always in an "emergency". One night late as we were ending a party we realized the A/C wasn't working. It was 94 and rising in the house. We called the A/C doctors and they came over within 30 minutes. Turns out our A/C condenser hand frozen solid, like 2 inches of ice thick. They defrosted it, put in additional freon (it was low) and got things working again. The price was amazing for the service we received.

Another time we had water draining into our house. This was from the A/C condensation pan. Apparently they weren't installed well originally. At first we thought it had been our in-house humidifier, turns out we were wrong. They didn't recommend replacing anything, but did install a safety shut off in case water got to high again it would shut it all off.

Honest, On Time, Good Service, with a good price as well
Decent food at a good price. We paid $21 and got 2 big slices of pizza, (packed with pepperoni) 2 salads, 10 wings, and 2 beers. What else could you want? (you can even munch on free popcorn while you wait) Service is efficient and friendly.
Maybe it's not the best pizza in the metro area but it sure ain't the worst and it's much better there than paying three times that amount for something at the game.
I'll definitely be stopping there again
I have to say I was a little let down after all of the hype for this place. I was excited. Local ice cream parlor that has been here for a long time must be really good. I did like the old school look of the place. Even the small arcade they had on the other side of the restaurant even though three of the games were out of order still cool. Now I will say I didn't try any of their food but it is an ice cream parlor so you would think the ice cream would be heavenly.
A friend of mine and I went to a movie down the street and were driving home after wards when we spotted it down the street. We had both wanted to try it some day. So I decided today was some day and we pulled in. We had to hunt for a parking space, no big deal, until one popped up right in front of us. We walked inside and waited a minute to be seated. The waitress was very nice and sat us in a booth in the corner right in front of a very nice mural on the wall. She handed us the menu and I realized I had no idea what they had or what I wanted. So I started to scour the menu that is when I realized they had more than ice cream. That was a nice surprise since silly me assumed they only had ice cream but ice cream was what I came for and what they are know for. I finally picked out the Buster Brownie. Brownie with ice cream and marshmallow topping sounded delicious. My friend picked the same thing. We called the waitress over because we were finally ready to order. We placed our order and then were informed we could pick out ice cream flavor if we wanted. Oooo added bonus. I got chocolate and my friend cookies n cream.
It didn't take too long to come out and looked mouthwateringly good. Then the let down. It was good but not spectacular. Not special. The brownie was a fudge brownie which is good but is a little on the hard side. I was expecting a cake brownie all warm and gooey with the ice cream. The marshmallow topping didn't add too much either. I was let down.
I guess I like the corporate place better. I was really hoping the local place would blow them away but sadly no. Also as much as people gripe about the prices at the corporate ice cream store these where about the same.
I might go back if I am in the neighborhood again but won't be making any special trips. I will stick to the corporate ice cream store which I'm sure some will call me crazy for saying.
Well CCR, Transport came to pick our items on 6-12-2011. It was suppose to be delivered in the next 3-5 days to denver,co. They were there on time to pick up the items. When they were going to leave their truck would not start. I was getting a little skeptical already. They finally got a jump off from one of their team members I guess and went about their way. Today is 6-21-11, we still not received our items and no one calls us back.  We keep getting the run around. We can't speak to the owner of the company or the driver of the truck to see where your items are in transport. We keep talking to one person and he keeps giving us the run around and his phone number is out of texas and the company is based out of arizona I urge anyone thinking about using this company do not waste your time. Customer service is poor and I think they are just ripping people off. PLEASE DON'T USE THIS COMPANY. WE ARE STILL WAITING FOR OUR ITEMS.....A CALL BACK.... WE ALSO FOUND THEM OFF OF HTTP://USHIP.COM.. I will keep you posted  :(
I really like this place... 
Taking the advice of Yelp we stopped in on our way through downtown. 
We were immediately greeted as we walked in. I told the staff it was our first time in and asked which sandwich was the best. 
Following the recommendation I ordered the Crackerjack, cracked pepper turkey and melted pepper jack cheese with lettuce, tomato, onion and Russian dressing. We also ordered the Godfather, cappicola, salami, pepperoni and melted mozzarella on garlic toasted bread. 
Let's take a moment and show the bread some much deserved love. It tastes fresh with a chewy center and crisp exterior covered in sesame seeds. You could put a shoe on this bread and it would taste great. 
I really enjoyed the Crackerjack. The Godfather was good for a few bites, but too rich for me. 

I can't wait to come back... 
Great choice for lunch downtown for a very fair price. 

Unless you are completely starving, share a sandwich!
Tasty....but I hope people realize the food is frozen.  We had some pretty good burgers.  The sides are all frozen item.  But the ambiance is gross.  The lights that hang down are out of place.  While the servers don't really clean the tables.  I would suggest never eating in their establishment and would be better off getting food to go.  And maybe getting fried sides from a fast food establishment instead.  It's also odd how you have to ask the register clerk for refills.  But again they do have some tasty toppings for their burgers.  Ehhh.....haven't been back in over a year.
I went back a while ago and tried their food again.  
It was much better than the last time, but I still don't understand what their hype is.  I think they should swap out their flat grill for a broiler.  Then that'll really bring the flavor... Yum.
Yes, they use fresh ingredients, but who doesn't these days?  Especially if they charge 10+$ for a burger with drink?
Delicious food, excellent service, strong cocktails, and appropriate wine choices. I had the 8 oz filet with garlic mashed potatoes and spinach salad, with a side of asparagus. All dishes at our table were cooked perfectly, including the scallops (which can be so hit-or-miss sometimes). Our server was excellent as was her busser. Timing, knowledge of the food, personality, and wine recommendations were all spot-on. You get more than what you pay for at Durant's.
The sea salt and caramel is to die for!! Yummy!! Even with the smallest size you get so much. And I love the little wafer on top
Hands down the place to go for Natural Nail expertise!
We finally had the old AC units replaced.  I'm sure Terry could have kept them running longer but we were ready for some new ones.  2 new AC units, 2 new air handlers and 2 programmable thermostats.  Terry did it all in 2 days.  Great deal, great service.  Couldn't be happier.  If you have any AC issue, call Terry!
Love my Native!!! My favorite place to come for happy hour or to have a pint after a round of golf. The staff is super cool and so is the management. I've known some of the staff for years and some even longer than that from other Natives. They're the reason I frequent this place. Thanks everyone!
Great drinks! I really like their selection which ranges from house margaritas to fruit infused tequila drinks to micheladas! 

Came here for a birthday dinner. When I saw the menu, I thought to myself. "Hmm this is stuff you can get for under 5 dollars at a Mexican restaurant in So-Cal, but it's they make it look fancy and price at $14!"  The food was good and I do like their free chips and salsa (two different kinds), but it was just way too overpriced for what seemed to me like scaled up Mexican street food. But I guess it definitely caters well to some. It is in Scottsdale afterall. 

The service was pretty good considering it was a very busy Saturday night. The waitress was nice and made some good recommendations throughout the night. Can't complain about their service and the atmosphere.
My fiancé and I stayed at the Radisson Fort McDowell this past weekend and found the resort very modern, well maintained, quiet, relaxing, and romantic.  

I booked a standard king room but selected the "e-standby" option.  E-standby is basically a waiting list for a junior suite upgrade that only costs an extra $30 per night.  It's not guaranteed but if a suite is available at the time you arrive, you get the upgrade.  Receiving that really made the stay so much better...

The junior suite was awesome!  It had a kitchenette with a full size refrigerator, microwave, living room with balcony, large bedroom, and a beautiful bathroom with the most amazing jetted bathtub.  (I seriously had the best bath of my life there).  Since we had the fridge and microwave we picked up some light groceries and wine at a nearby store which was convenient and saved us a little money. 

We enjoyed laying in the sun with a pina colada by the immaculate pool each afternoon, gambling at the casino next door, a delicious New York steak dinner in the Anahla restaurant, and late night jacuzzi-ing.  Each staff member we came into contact with was smiling, friendly, polite, and helpful from the bell staff to the front desk and room service.  

Not one complaint. It was a wonderful trip from start to finish.  Hands down the best Radisson I've ever visited.  We will definitely return.
So your going to Scottsdale via Paradise Valley....or your coming from Scottsdale heading east....your stomach is growling but you don't want the usual...then look no further than Jason's Deli. I was in that situation on Friday night and decided to give this locale a try....and I must say I was not disappointed. I had the Smokey Jack Panini with Smoked turkey breast....guacamole....provolone cheese....lettuce...tomato....bacon on the side which I gave to my wife....LOL...since I don't eat red meat....and Russian dressing. However sandwich was made to order and pressed perfectly on the grill....and the flavor was outstanding. They give you a pickle and homemade potato chips on the side....and I also had some lemonade which comes from a fountain with free refills. 

I almost missed out on the free Ice Cream....but I seen people walking around with cones of Ice Cream and I had my wife ask was it free. Indeed it was and we both enjoyed a nice Ice Cream cone....mine was chocolate vanilla swirl...and you can also get it in a cup as well. The service was great and the whole place had a real nice neighborhood feel to it.....I look forward to returning here very soon. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
Make sure to print out a 20% off coupon!

I checked in here because my husband had to make his weekly trip there to get tools, and now yelp is telling me to leave a review. I am not really a harbor freight shopper, but he loves it. He loves all the tools he can get and always prints out a 20% coupon. I am giving this place a good rating because he likes it and doesn't spend too much money there.
I love this place. Aside from the fact that its super busy during lunch, which isnt even a huge deal, its nearly perfect! A great variety of food, the sandwiches are great. I had the tuna melt which was beyond incredible. My sister had the grilled cheese with bacon and tomato which I had to try a bite of and it also was excellent. A friend had the soup and slice of pizza which looked great and she said was very tasty!! 

Go here for a great variety, quick lunch with coworkers, friends, etc. They even have a bakery area with a blueberry muffin that I must try next time~~

Staff can be kind of rude (I am assuming it was because they are busy?) The guy who took my order could have been a bit nicer, but whatever. Great experience!
Dropped in to K56 on a Tuesday after checking out the new Little Woody on Indian School. We grabbed a seat at the bar and attempted to order a glass of wine - Matt the bartender was more than patient with our inability to choose a wine so he poured numerous samples for us! Alas a decision was made and we ordered a bottle, of course!

I've said many times I'm particular about my short ribs... I ordered the Cabernet braised short rib with parsnip puree...Perfectly done, tender, fallin apart good sized portion and seasoned perfectly. Yummm!! My date had the mac 'n cheese and it was delicious! Not too heavy on the cheeze/cream and excellent flavor and al dente shell pasta. Perfect!

Manager Brittney was also very friendly and helpful. She pimped us out with a delicious brownie and vanilla ice cream at the end of our meal. But don't tell anyone!

BOTTOM LINE: I'll be back!
First of all their banana bread is amazing. I can't get enough of their moist soft banana bread. I tried their sushi rolls which are o.k., but I go for their champon. The broth combined with seafood and vegetables is flavorful and delicious. The broth is not too spicy or heavy, just enough of both. This isn't a tradional cham-pon, but their version is absolutely delicious. I especially like this place for bringing Japanese ramen, Korean fusion, and overall Asian inspired dishes to Az. It's about time!
Sweet potato fries and orange cream shakes, those are my wife and son's kryptonite :-)
This place is good. It's definitely no Pizzeria Bianco but not many places are. One bite of the Rosa Pizza from Biancos and it blows everything on the menu of Cibo out of the water. I'd go back to Cibo if the wait at Biancos was more than 2 hours. 

anyway, the food is good, they serve arugula on everything which is unnecessary. But still delicious. 

The wait is too long. Im all for waiting, but it better be AMAZING food, and I just did not find Cibo to be amazing. The Parlor also blows this place out of the water. 

The restaurant itself is quite lovely. Its a cute little spot in the downtown district and it feels like your going to someones house rather than a restaurant. The staff is pleasant as well.
Outback is a perfect example of why chain restaurants work - you always know what you are getting....but the staff makes all the difference.

Dinner on a Tuesday night is never a major deal, and we were seated quickly, and had prompt service.

I ordered my usual "lady" steak - the Victoria (7 oz) medium rare - and I love the fact that I've never had a problem getting my steak cooked right - so many places bring me completely rare, or much worse - medium well steaks.  But this was perfect, and pared with a loaded potato, a delicious cliché on a plate!

The real selling point for me is the bread.  That lovely, warm, soft, chewy brown bread.  I have been trying to figure out how to go and just eat that. 

The portions were such that I skipped dessert, but it was a tasty meal with the comfort of knowing what to expect.
I love this place.  It is a little out of the way, but well worth the trip.  Here, it is all about the frozen yogurt.  Great varieties, awesome toppings, and it is made with frutcose, which is an excellent healthful alternative.  I bring my wife and kids for an occasional treat.  Eat well.  Be well.
Alright, Paradise Bakery has got me. And you know what, all it took was a cookie with my lunch. Something about a great turkey sandwich (California Turkey on wheat) partnered with a warm cookie brings me back to mom's packed lunches. It can be a little loud in the dining area, but sit outside or in the back section of the restaurant and problem solved. Recently I tried one of their signature salads (a BBQ Chicken Salad), to my surprise it was fantastic. Although I will always opt for the mom-lunch half sandwich and cookie, the salad is a nice alternative on a hot summer day.  It's a nice place to go for a relatively cheap price.
Indian Paradise has a solid lunch buffet. At $11.95 maybe a little more expensive than usual for a buffet but it's in North Scottsdale so not completely unexpected either. Nice interior and even looks like the patio could be a pleasant dining experience when there's nice weather, surprising considering that the restaurant is located in a fairly bland, out of the way strip mall.

The food was very tasty and will certainly sate your desire for Indian. Comparatively, it was middle of the road as far as the Indian food I've had--not the best but not the worst. But if you love Indian food like I do, you won't be disappointed. The lunch buffet has a lot of the standard dishes: chicken tikka masala, chicken curry, aloo matter, palak paneer, tandoori chicken, etc. Tikka masala is usually my favorite but theirs was just ok. I really liked their chicken curry and aloo matar.

Service was good; everyone was friendly and attentive.

Also, don't panic when you don't see the naan at the buffet like I did. They bring you your own basket. :)
Dishes sampled include:

Strawberry Aguas frescas naturals

Arnold Palmer

Del Rey - Ham, melted cheese, pork sirloin, breaded beef, sausage, chorizo, eggs, tomato, onions, jalapeño and avocado

Cubana - Ham, melted cheese, pork sirloin, tomato, onions, and avocado

Pierna - Pork sirloin with melted cheese, tomato, onions, and avocado

Chocoflan

Trying to get my family to visit divey ethic restaurants with me is generally difficult and yet when I suggested Los Reyes De La Torta they seemed agreeable; perhaps an effect of learning to trust me, perhaps due to the online menu, or perhaps seeing a resemblance to Cemitas Puebla in Chicago and arriving at the restaurant early in the lunch hour to find the place more than half full it would not be long before we were seated...in the small side room near the bar...with the only other Gringos in the restaurant...clearly segregated from the Spanish speaking clientele populating the larger front dining area.  At first a bit put off by this obvious isolation but quickly greeted by a pleasant young woman who proved both friendly and efficient we decided to stay, outcast or not, and what followed was actually a very impressive lunch at a bargain basement price.

Once (unbeknownst to us) featured on "Man vs. Food" it became obvious soon on opening the menu which items were considered signatures and with myself opting for the Del Rey while my mother and aunt went with similar, less gaudy options, plus a pair of icy mixed drinks similar in texture to the Slush-Puppies of my youth but far more delicious; the Arnold Palmer especially excellent with light bitter and a lot of sour without being overly sweet. 

Moving on to the food, with each sandwich served on a fluffy and yeasty bolillo roll stuffed with flavorful meat and top quality produce, I can honestly say that every single bite of the Del Ray exceeded my expectations while both my mother and aunt seemed happy with their selections, as well.  Generally not one to order a sandwich as I find them monotonous after a couple of bites the Del Ray succeeded where so many others failed because each bite was slightly different from the last, some smoky, some spicy, some saline, and others creamy and rife with fresh avocado.  Large, easily enough to share, and certainly not for the faint of heart this is definitely the sort of dish that could have flopped and become nothing but a gluttonous mess but in reality, despite all the ingredients, never once did something seem unnecessary or overwhelming to the other ingredients...and as much as restraint probably would have been wise I enjoyed every last bite, a fact that *almost* made me glad they were sold out of their signature King Cake; though the dense "Chocoflan" of moist chocolate pudding cake meets smooth, creamy flan was quite rich itself. 

With the Del Rey ringing in at a mere $9.50 I find it hard to believe that there is any place in the city offering more interesting Mexican food at a better value, though if there is I need to seek it out...right after I find some dining pals to head back to Los Reyes for Pambasos and Huaraches and some King Cake.
Fried Chicken, Rack of Ribs, Collard Greens, Corn Bread , Sweet Potatoes, Macaroni and Potato Salad and Fried Cabbage...Got your attention?! Or did I have you at Fried Chicken? :)

And it's all sooo delicious!  The fried chicken is out of this world. Take a bite. Crispy on the outside, then savory, juicy and steamy right out of the fryer. Luscious!

Fried Cabbage just melts in your mouth. Everything is top notch. Love the Baked Macaroni, too.

The owners are super nice! It's wonderful to have such fantastic food in Ahwatukee.

Can't wait to try their homeade pies.
I have been to Grazie twice now! Both times a groupon was used - the groupon entailed a 12inch pizza of choice and then a pitcher or white or red sangria. When you arrive at Grazie you notice it's sweet and quaint ambiance. It is a smaller place with a nice patio. All the servers and staff are really nice there. It is pretty laid back and casual. 

The first time I came here I was with two friends. We opted for the red sangria, a salad to share, and the vegetarian pizza. Everything was really good and flavorful. The crust is amazing on the pizza!

 I went with my parents last night and again we got the red sangria. The sangria is very good- not too sweet but not bitter. We got the Americana pizza (pepperoni ) and added sausage on it. We got the bread and oil. The bread was just room temp. bread and I wasn't totally impressed by it- it did it's job though. The pizza was OUTSTANDING! I am so glad we got the sausage as it brought an extra kick to the meal. I like Grazie a lot and can't wait to go back!
Stopped in to this new place for lunch today, joined by Arlin B.  This is a huge restaurant formerly occupied by Tradiciones, which was also a Mexican restaurant.

I ordered a Chile Relleno combo from the Lunch Menu, & added a shredded beef taco.

The positives:

*The taste & temperature of the food was ok, the basket of chips came with cups of both red & green salsa.


The negatives:

*The service was very amateurish & slow.  We both had to restate our orders several times.  It took a long time to be served, with my food arriving at least 10 minutes before Arlin's, I think!  (This is early in the day when there were almost no other customers in the place!)

*  My Chile Relleno was just ONE little Anaheim chile!  In my experience, if a restaurant is going to serve this chile, you always get TWO of them.  Otherwise, it should be a big Pablano chile.

*  The other portions were small too.  (The refried beans amounted to a couple of bites!)

*  The price was NOT small!  My Chile Relleno plate was $7.59 + $2.99 for a taco on the side=$10.58  That's way too much for what it was & no, there were no two item combinations available.

The taste of the food saves this one from one Star, barely.     :-(
Ate here a few days ago with a friend of mine for Lunch.  It was pretty good-we got the house cheddar biscuits to start which were amazing and then i ordered the Smoked Chicken Artichoke Sandwich and my friend ordered the Pork Loin Sandwich (which i'm definitely ordering next time).  The service was awesome (very attentive) and the flavors were fantastic.  My sandwich came on a kabob that you pulled the chicken off of into the bread and it wasn't little pieces of chicken-they were hearty pieces.  You get your money's worth for sure.  Their dessert sounded amazing-but we were so full we didn't get any.  For sure next time-and yes there will be a next time.  it was delicious.
Best Sushi East of Los Angeles: Being a Los Angeles native, and an avid sushi eater for over 17years, I figured that by moving by to the desert I would have to settle for mediocre sushi. I was wrong. Sushi Ave. is on par, if not better in some ways (price, friendliness), with the best sushi bars in Los Angeles. Sushi Chef James serves up a wonderful array of house specials and traditional sushi dishes that will have you hooked. Highly Recommended!
Definatly here for the pizza. Provel cheese YUMMM!!!!
I have been to a buffet like this before, but I will never go to this particular one again. 

The food all looked fresh as we went through the food line selecting our favorites and stacking our bowl to the sky. We selected our sauces and turned it over to the grill. 

The cook doused our dishes with water, quickly cooked the ingredients, and returned them in a new bowl. 

There is a selection of crispy wonton bits, rice and soups for you to add to your tray at no cost. I selected no rice as they were all old and burnt to the pan. I chose the hot and sour soup because it is ma favorite. 

Free-range and refills on beverages. 

Sat down to eat, was not impressed. I could not muster to try a second spoon of the soup as it was absolutely disgusting. The bowl of ingredients were all bland, perhaps from the overuse of water at grilling, and I am almost certain the tofu had gone bad, The slivers of meat that my husband had selected tasted fowl as well. We obviously did not get to far into our meal before leaving. Had we not already paid there would have been several complaints from me, and changes in selections. 

We could have taken the left overs home, but opted to leave them instead. 

Suffice to say, I do NOT recommend.
Ticoz is one of my favorite places and I always have a good experience when I vist there.   With some restaurants I find a dish that I like so much that I have trouble ordering anything else no matter how good the other dish sounds, and that's the case at Ticoz.  So I recommend the outstanding Coconut Ginger Curry.

For an appetizer, it's hard to beat the guacammus--a hummus and guacamole blend--or the chips and assorted salsas.
Just left after eating the Pad Thai and it was very good. They do a crazy lunch business there, so the secret is out.  All in all though they did a great job with the food.  Service was a tiny bit slow, but I suspect that would be the same for any restaurant that busy.
nice location , good service but a little slow. been here twice so far and both times the food i would give 4 stars but both times they screwed up our orders and burger was cold, they did take off 20 percent for the issue and that was nice.. overall i enjoy the food and would go back.
What happened?!?

This has been a regular stop whenever I'm in Scottsdale.  I usually come for pastries in the early morn, but I've also had salads and sandwiches.  Based on ALL my prior experiences, I would have given this place 5 stars.  The cinnamon rolls were exquisite, the scones flavorful yet surprisingly light and my kids always looked forward to having the house-made marshmallows.

However...my last three visits were EXTREMELY disappointing.  First, they Tammi Coe cupcakes were dry and the frosting hard.  Plus, they weren't making the marshmallows, which added insult to injury.  I guess those aren't really their fault, since Tammi Coe makes the cupcakes, not Oakville.  

The second visit, my salad greens were a little wilted and I didn't get much greens.  Instead it was literally covered in toppings.  I wouldn't normally complain because I love toppings and (when I saw it) I felt like I got a lot for my money.  But it got tiresome of digging for lettuce after a while.  

Finally, on my third visit, they placed the nail in the review coffin.  I went in to buy pastries for my clients and picked out blueberry muffins (so dry not even having them with coffee could help), cinnamon rolls (dry and hard on the edges, like they were a day old) and some scones (these were actually good).  But they still had no marshmallows and they apparently no longer stock the phenomenal chocolate raspberry muffins.  When I asked about the absence of those two items, the guy behind the counter merely replies "We never had those."  Gee, wealth of info there.

I really want to continue to like this place, but it's got three strikes and I'm out.
Great wait staff.  Our waitress was phenomenal (i wish I could recall her name as she truly deserved 5 stars)...,fathers day 7pm reservation....middle Teppanyaki table.  Our chef, "tom cruise", was equally phenomenal and provided the best Teppanyaki dinner show I've seen (blows away Benihana); a true entertainer.  Price wasn't bad and they had both a kids menu for Teppanyaki and a happy hour menu for a slightly smaller portion, which reduced the impact on your wallet.  The wine pour was generous.  My only criticism and reason for 4 stars was the vegetable portion was skimpy and didn't include bean sprouts.  If they could upsize the vegetable portion on their Teppanyaki,  this would be a 5 star review.
Although, yes as many of these reviews say, there are a large amount of cougars and washed-up divorcees, you really can't beat their happy hour.

If you are a sushi/Japanese food fan.. I definitely suggest hitting up their happy hour (which goes until 7PM! Mon-Fri)

The service is good, not great. But usually they are PACKED, so it's understandable. 

I recommend the Las Vegas roll and they have a fabulous miso soup.
Love this place! Great food and amazing cocktails!  I've never been disappointed.
Completely let down! Looked forward to this event and invited friends and bummed we did. Too long of lines, parking was a mess, and some booths had you wait in line buy tickets then wait in another line to get your food, which was over priced and small portions. So terrible. Hate all the lines and HATE that we had to pay to come into this mess and pay to park. A complete joke! Take a tip: either twice as many trucks or limit your tickets. More alcohol stations and better music. Scale down prices if you're going to charge us to get in.
This place was recommended to me by a highly respected co-worker who really knows your food. I was looking forward to trying the Bento Box because it seemed like a good deal for only $10. It's really busy at lunch time but they have a decent lunchtime menu. 
Sadly, we were seated and had our drink order taken, but no one approached to take our order for another 25 minutes. Our waiter kept telling us he'd be back in 2 minutes but eventually we had to flag down a different waiter just to take our order. On the flipside, he gave our table comp. adamame and eel sauce, no charge to make up for our wait. We received our food promptly after that. I was impressed with how much you get on the Bento Box. The salad had like an ounce of dressing on it so that wasn't all the great. The rice stuck together and the steak had a little bit too much fat still on it. The sushi was great and I liked the soup too. The best part was the eel sauce everthing could be dipped in.

I was so pretty bummed at the service, but I understood it was the lunchtime rush and the place was filled. Probably won't be going back soon though.
So I have returned to NMB several times since my review.  Things are getting better and I'm realizing that it's better to drink mediocre craft beer than drink mass produced beer found in most bars in Phoenix. 

Was there over the weekend with other people that had been to NMB previously as well.  The pretzel bread is quickly turning into a favorite for all of us.  

I've been to brew pubs all over the country and one thing that NMB needs to do is have 3-4 of their best beers on tap at all time.  Then rotate another 3 or so seasonal beers.  Couple of people in my group were hoping to grab a beer that wasn't on tap. 

Also guessing that good help is hard to find.  On one trip to NMB I went right after work, which at most places is when it starts to get busy.  The bartender did check on all of us before taking off for 5 minutes for a smoke.  In those 5 minutes a few other people showed up to the bar and had to wait until the bartender came back.  If it's close to 6 PM your bar should be staffed.  Noticed that your employees like to use their cell phones while working.  Had to wait for another employee while they finished up a phone call.  

But will keep going back, it's a nice little spot in a part of town that could use a good bar.
This was my second outing to Chakra 4 Herb and Tea House. I just love this place. I got there 30 mins before lunch. So I decided to get some tea and people watch. Well it is a good thing I got there 30 mins prior because it took me just about that long to figure out what I wanted. The menu is small but the choices all sound heavenly. Choices, choices, choices. I got the black bean sunflower wrap and it was great. Not to mention huge and that was the 1/2. I got the quinoa pilaf as my side dish. I love quinoa. It was the best I ever had. Very simple with mint, dill, pumpkins seeds a little lemon and oil. I could eat this all day. A must have if you like quinoa.

I also had the chance to sample the soups of the day. The lemon potato soup was nice and creamy and with a zest of lemon. 

This is of course a tea house. I love tea. The varieties there are just awesome. You will not be disappointed if you are a tea lover. But don't get offended if they offer you sweetener. No sweetener for me. I just want to enjoy the flavor of the tea, which btw was An Elephant Never Forgets. According to the description this tea was for mental clarity and focus etc. However, I was so sleepy after lunch I could barely keep my eyes open on the trek back to the east side.

The service is great. Very attentive and knowledgeable.

I would give it 5 stars if it was not so small. But other than that it is all good.
The Babies R Us in Ann Arbor/Ypsilanti had a 'wrap your own' station - at least they did years ago.  This location did not and it would be a huge plus if they did, since MOST of their business comes from registry shopping!  Come on!   

Slightly over priced with an ok selections.  I tend to believe that if it's on a registry, then all stores need to carry those items.  The store map didn't help, at all.  They claim to be a Superstore, but seemed to not carry half the items on my sister's registry.  

The workers were helpful and nice.  They give you coupons at check out for the coming week or month to keep you coming back.  I still managed to spend $300 on stuff they did have in stock.  I guess I should be thankful they didn't have some items after all.
Cheap Chinese food buffet with decent food. The Mexican food was not that bad either. Try it out, it's only 6 bucks.
I don't see myself ever going here again.

I really wanted to enjoy it. I love Copperstar coffee, and I love supporting local. 

I didn't order barbecue, but I sampled brisket and carmelized pork off my boyfriend's plate. The pork was yummy! And the brisket tasted almost like it was enhanced not by a smoker, but by liquid smoke. Ultimate turnoff. Especially to a Texan that knows, loves, and embraces their BBQ. And he hated the BBQ sauce but I was afraid to try it.

Anyway, I ordered the soup of the day - a vegetarian chili - the Arizona Garden Salad, and a side of baked beans.

As the bowl of a chili I will call nothing short of a "hot mess" came to me, I was immediately disenchanted. It had hominy, corn, black beans, and kidney beans. This flavorless heap of bile wasn't made better by dumping cheese and salt on it. There was little to no seasoning in it, apart from maybe tomato sauce and chili powder. Not to mention they majorly overdid  it on the corn, as the chili was served with corn chips. I struggled to get through it, as I hate wasting food.

Then my salad came - best part of the meal! It was made with fresh oranges, a strong and flavorful dressing, lovely dates, pecans, and feta. This salad was right up my alley. 

Then I sampled the beans - allspice. These are not your traditional "baked beans on toast" type of baked beans - no, they were refried baked beans. With spices that did not contribute to the flavor. I like allspice, too. But the flavor was overpowering and I couldn't get past the first bite.
Great traditional Chicago hot dogs, italian beef, sliders!  The food is delicious, comfort food at its best.  The fries are great, malts and shakes, you name it, also you will not leave here hungry.
I think this is my new favorite Italian restaurant!  The service and food were amazing!!! We had a 3 course meal and it was all perfect.  I loved the calamari (not overly fried or breaded).  The manager had a great knowledge of the wines they had available and the wine list was also impressive.  I have not tried their 'backdoor pizza'  but I intend on trying it soon!  If it is anything like the food in the restaurant, I am sure it will be awesome.
I have to agree with Megan S. as this is one of those rare gems for those who actually are not glued to a television 12 hours a day. This place is a treasure chest of everything from collectible comic books, to rare LP's and hard to find books. I go here at least once a week to checkout their clearance section and have always found a rare gem to add to my collection.  

For those who need the over thought conformity of say a Borders or don 't mind tapping into their 401k to pay for that new James Patterson novel at Barnes and Nobel, this place is not for you. There is no trendy little cafe (who needs hot coffee anyways? It is over 100 degrees outside). This is the type of place that reminds you of going to a yard sale and you notice a rare 1st edition of say Harry Potter. The only real downside has to be the music that they play over the speaker system and the low payout they offer for used books and DVD 's.

 I brought in over 100 DVD 's and they only offered me 37 dollars (yeah right) so I have to say unless you are just trying to get rid of that wal-mart bargain bin movie you got for x-mas do not bother trading in anything. But if you are like me and enjoy saving money be sure to check this place out.
You can get all the things here cheaper on the internet.  However, sometimes you don't have anytime to waste waiting for things to arrive in the mail.  Lakeshore has great learning material and helpful aids to teach children of all ages.  They staff is friendly and helpful and they do have good sales occasionally.
I'm updating my review of Hot Pot as I've had the curry goat a few times and I have to conclude that it is in fact 'the truth'!  Her curry friggin goat is so incredibly delicious that I just had to re-write my review.  My husband had the shrimp which he ate and went back THE SAME DAY for yet ANOTHER order to go for tomorrow!  Crazy delicious.  And she makes her plaintain in that super sweet creamy crunchy way.  Just too delicious.

Oh yeah, her coconut rum cake is also outrageously delicious.  Coconuty, rumy, creamy, moisty, deliciousy - all the 'eeeys'! 

If you want authentic and delicous Jamaican food, you have to go!
I stayed here once in July (didn't know the fan was what would keep us cool at the time) because it was close to an event at the Orpheum that I was attending very early the next morning and I got a super cheap deal. 

I thought the place had charm and was told of the about the ghosts who haunt the place and all the celebrities who had once stayed here at check-in. Fun place to stay if you're doing something downtown, but not anywhere I would stay if I was looking to book a nice relaxing weekend.
Had a nice lunch with a colleague yesterday.  The salmon was cooked perfectly, the service was attentive, but not obsequious.  Alexi's is an excellent place to bring a client, as it is professional, but not stuffy, and quiet enough to hold a conversation, but not too quiet that confidential conversations are overheard.  The prices are reasonable.

My only suggestion is for Alexi's to offer a variety of side dishes, rather than green beans and rice every day.
ok, so at the suggestion of Anandita N, I stopped in at Kay's place for a drink on the way home last Friday night, right before last call.  I rolled in by myself, the place was still hopping, grabbed a seat between a guy that was leaned back against the bar sleeping, and some native american old timer  who was about 3/4 of the way through what appeared to be a whiskey and coke served in a small 32oz plastic pitcher.  I could sense out of the corner of my eye that he was staring at me for what seemed like a good solid five minutes after I sat down.  I did not make eye contact.

The crowd was pretty ethnic if you will, I felt a bit uncomfortably white walking in there, but nobody seemed to mind or pay attention.  Seemed to be about half the crowd was folks from the reservation, rounded out by mexican, some black guys, samoan/polynesian even.  I was one of the handful of honkies there, which included on old biker dude, and two guys and a girl in their 20's or so.  Most everybody was relaxed and all smiles, just having a good time playing pool and socializing as an assortment of Nightranger tunes played on the jukebox.

The decor was indeed pretty divey, wood veneer paneling on the walls (is wood veneer paneling even manufactured anymore?), christmas lights strung about here and there, the standard dive bar issue string O' promotional flags.  The drop ceiling looked like it had been spraypainted christmas tree green.  The best part of the bar IMO was what appeared to be a "karaoke corner".  Imagine a corner wall mural of Monument Valley, done in the style of a black velvet Elvis painting, with glow in the dark neon colors.  And a coyote howling at the moon. Truly an enchanting sight. 

As far as knife fights and the propensity for violence to break out at any second, I didn't pick up on that last night.  I was thirsty so I pretty much guzzled down my $3 Miller Chill without attempting to make any small talk.   Headed out the door, and that was that.
It is no secret that I am not very handy around the house.  I like to tinker but when electricity is involved I tend to not deal with it.  So, when my backyard floodlights weren't working, I knew I needed professional help.

After a quick Yelp search I found Micor and decided to give them a call based solely on their reviews.  They sent a person out to my house within a half hour and had my lights working not long after.

The best part is that I wasn't even home.  I arranged it all from my workplace.  Sure it was a little bit sketchy having a stranger in my backyard doing god knows what because of a problem I probably described poorly.....but it all turned out ok.  I tested the light after I got home then called their office to pay.

I hope I don't have any electrical problems in the future, but if I do I will call Micor.
NACHOBOT is FANTASTIC!  I could leave the review AT THAT, but I wont cause that's boring and unoriginal which is the opposite of this place.  Nachobot is a great concept that thrives on drunk bar hoppers and nacho fans of all shapes and sizes.  They have crazy nacho combinations that seem to run out quickly so don't get there at 3AM on a Friday (even though whatever is left will still be delicious, and if you don't like it walk a house over to Jobot and get your crepe on - ALSO AMAZING).  The owner of Nachobot is also the owner of Jobot SPOILER ALERT/SHOCKER, oops and they run their business very laid back and comfortable.  You feel like your actually inside someones home, which in reality you are cause these buildings are homes converted to restaurants and bars but you get my point.  Either way get over there when your downtown for an incredibly delicious experience complete with chopsticks (so you dont get yourself too messy, no joke interesting concept and it works) DO IT #Bacardiandcoke #startskyandhutchjoke
Yes this is a chain. But I really like it nonetheless. What can I say? It's super tasty! It's also a good place to grab dinner at 10:30pm on a Saturday when nowhere else is still open...although I would've wanted to go here anyways. The Lettuce wraps are amazingly good, especially with the yummy sauce they mix up for you at your table. We also ordered the Honey Chicken and the Mongolian Beef, which were both very good too. I like the atmosphere of this location as well, and the server was super friendly and helpful.
I am still a sushi novice and remain in the calm waters of the California roll and salmon rolls - occasionally Philadelphia and Las Vegas....meeting up with Ebony K. she attempted to move me a little more off the wall. I went as far as the rainbow roll and looked at her Unagi Roll...not going that far yet. She is a sushi fan and far more adventurous than I am - she might try a Kraken if they could catch it and put it in a nice hand cut roll - and if it's happy hour, then it's on!

We sat in the back and it was nice and quiet at first, but soon on a Saturday night the place was packed. I will recommend the drinks - she had a pomegranate martini, which was good - but my watermelon martini was phenomenal! 

The service was good, the sushi was fresh, and the atmosphere was excellent. Getting a table wasn't bad - 5pm on Saturday night and we walked right in - later in the evening there was a wait. Parking in that part of Scottsdale is always a challenge. It might be best to just pay the $5 valet and let them worry about finding the spot.
Went here today and got the pork burrito. The burrito was mostly beans and rice and hardly any pork. My burrito was really bland and had no flavor except for a little sweet bite of pineapple every once in awhile. If I am going to spend 7 dollars on a burrito I will go up the street to Chipotle, at least that has flavor. I got their Brushfire salsa which has a flavor I don't care for (kind of plastic flavor). The girl taking the order was really nice and the fact they just opened I gave them 2 stars. I know sometimes it takes a little while to find your footing. Hopefully they will invest in some seasoning or at best some salt.
Probably the worst Spring Training site in the Valley.  Time has not treated this place well and it really begins to fail as you compare it to the competition.  It is too bad considering the great location.

Getting to Phoenix Muni is pretty simple.  You can take the 202 and get off at Van Buren or you could probably take the light rail if you didn't mind a bit of a walk.  There is a ton of parking around Muni and it is hard to find any that is free.  It does exist, however, along the North-East side of the stadium in the dirt areas.  If you park in the lots, be prepared to walk a mile over the hideous pedestrian bridge.

Once you get into the stadium, you are bombarded with concrete.  There is literally concrete everywhere you look in this stadium.  The only things not made of concrete are the field and the wooden signs that make up the outfield wall.  All of this concrete, combined with the numerous metal seats, make this one of the hottest ballparks in the Cactus League.  

Access to the players is not that great either.  While you can catch most of them coming in from right field, their practice field is difficult to get to and secluded.  Pitchers do warm up down the lines which gives you a seat just a few feet from a fastball.  

In all, Muni is a failure.  The City of Phoenix must improve the area greatly for it to continue to host Spring Training.  It would be nice to see them convert the parking lot into a multi-story entertainment development but, right now, the Zoo is the only other thing over there.  There are no grass seats which is really part of the fun of spring training.  There is little shade.  There are few reasons to go to the stadium and that is unfortunate because the A's are such a good team to watch.
Great place, fun atmosphere, not expensive. Great beer and tasty food :)
Went for lunch on a Friday at noon, not a ton of people since the seating is minimal. Ordered a Peppercorn crust burger / roasted garlic, charred onions, watercress, matchstick fries. Burger was juicy and thick, but not worth $10.00. 

Plus the menu is ala carte so the fries are an extra $4.00 plus drink, so you can escape for under $20. Service was kind of slow for lunch. Not bad but would not return.
bought a new Electra Coaster 3 from them......they helped me get fenders and a basket for the front that would match up. Ryan set me up with a new pair of mini-ape hanger bars and totally changed the attitude of my new ride. i couldn't ask for anything more. i read a couple of reviews on here and have never seen the like of negative attitude that folks feel they got. it is one of the busiest shops i've ever been too.
We have been using Kachina Dry Cleaners for the past 7 years and have never been disappointed.  Service is excellent, and they will expedite if requested.  We had tried the discount cleaners down the street, and while the shirts weren't bad, the dry cleaning was horrible.  Stella and her son, Stacey, are great!
I originally went to Alice-Rae to find a sports bra. What I found instead was an eye opening experience about how I've been wearing the wrong size probably for years! I was measured at a retail store but the bras I tried on weren't fitting right. But I settled for what was cheap and on sale. When I was shown the right bra I had an "aha" moment! I was educated that my breast tissue extended to my sides and that's the reason the other size wasn't fitting me!

I am also nursing and finding a bra that will lift, support, and double as a sports bra was like being in a cartoon that the light bulb goes off above my head! 

The most important aspect to me is customer service! Julia was knowledgable, pleasant, and knew her product like the benefits as well as the comfort. She showed me various bras so I could make an informed choice on what to buy! The bra was more than I'm used to buying but oh soo worth it!

I'll be back!
There are not too many dining experiences in the valley that rival sitting on the patio at Cibo on a cool night. I could sit there and eat copious amounts of the burratta with prosciutto and be absolutely blissful.
Not bad in a pinch, but only in a pinch. 

I find Mimi's to be a bit  . . . boring. The food really isn't bad or good, and the service is equally non-descript. Pretty inexpensive during lunch, so it has that going for it. 

Ok, I guess non-descript was the operative word here, because I'm all out.
This place has mega-potential. I think their intention is to be a local market. I love that idea. Their location is ideal: 1 mile east of Road Runner Farmers Market. I wish they could tap into the vendors there and stock the shelves with local goods. 

The staff was courteous and the environment was clean. 

Menu items range from $5.45 for a breakfast sandwich to $10.95 for pot roast or "Thanksgiving Anytime." I ordered the turkey feta asparagus pita ($8.95) -- it was ok but someone forgot the asparagus... 

Seriously, it's a 5-star concept and location. 

It's not executed, though. Meats, for example, are Boar's Head. I happen to like Boar's Head product, but it's not local, which the "Farm Market" billing suggests. 

With the Pork Shop, the Meat Shop and Schreiner's -- even Pork on a Fork, which is at the Road Runner Saturday market -- to choose from, Bon Terra "Farm Market's" offerings are no different from your standard grocery store.
What can I say about Mamma Mia that hasn't been said? It is a quality pizza place with good prices. I've purchased food from them 4 times, and have enjoyed it each time. Their stromboli is to die for (probably figuratively and literally considering what is in one!), albit a bit greasy, but that has never really bothered me. The pizza can be greasy as well, but nothing to really dock the place much. I stick with the basics pepperoni and extra cheese. The ingredients all taste wonderfully, and taste fresh.

If I have any complaint about Mamma Mia, it is that their wings are pretty average, not great, not bad. I've tried their BBQ, and standard buffalo wings. At least they are quite meaty, unlike so many places with wings, where they appear to have pulled the wings from a baby chicken. 

In conclusion though, if you want a quality pizza, or stromboli, this is the place.
I also joined Del Frisco's for their complimentary Lunch to help train their staff.  I will go into the details later, but for the $20 tip that I left for the service, I would have rather had a sandwich at the local deli.  First, as you walk in, you are greeted by a throng of women wearing rather short skirts.  I had to ask if this was going to be a restaurant known for their women servers or their food.  I think the former.  If I wanted eye candy, I would have gone to twin peaks or the tilted kilt.  Anyway, the menu was limited and your entire party  had to share a plain paper menu.  I was surprised that they couldn't afford to make copies so that the entire party could have their own menu.  That was the first red flag.  Then, you had to share one appetizer, no matter how large your party.  So, if you ordered the deviled eggs and you had 4 in your party, everyone would have 1/2 egg for their appetizer.  BTW, their deviled eggs were very ordinary.  Red flag number 2.  Then, for your main entree, the party had to each pick different entrees and could not pick the same one.  If this was truely a training exercise,  why would it matter.  I ordered the green chili burger that had no green chili on it and tasted like a fancy Big Mac, the fries were cold.  My companion had the salmon which looked and tasted great.  The entire lunch, including two drinks would have cost $80.00.  I had other workmates that also had similar experiences.  A table of 4 had a bill over $140.00.  If this is supposed to be a truely casual lunch spot, hence the "grill" name, then it is way over priced.
I love Cornish Pasty Co. I've tried several flavors - lamb vindaloo, the oggie, lamb and mint, rosemary chicken, the pilgrim. All of them are totally delicious, fresh, and the ingredients are obviously good quality. The sauces they make are all excellent and flavorful, although I prefer the red wine gravy with lamb or beef, not turkey or chicken.

The prices are totally reasonable. At first you think it's steep for what is essentially a handheld pot pie, but you get a lot of bang for your buck. I can only ever eat half and take the other half home. 

Sides are also tasty. Haven't tried the drinks or desserts but I assume they are just as good! 

Service is a little spotty (they seem to employ affable, somewhat spacey young men). But I suppose that's kind of in line with a British place, huh? ;)

Something I find disappointing, though, is that you cannot customize any of the pasties. If you don't like an ingredient in it, you have no choice but to order something else. I get that they prep the pasties earlier in the day to maximize efficiency in baking, but still.

This location is really nice and I prefer it to the location near ASU. Great outdoor seating area, misters, lots of shade, etc.

I will be back many times, I am sure.
Date of visit: 2/3/2102. This was my first visit. Went to have Eddie replace the crystal on a vintage (circa 1972) Seiko automatic (self winding) chronograph. This is a one man shop so be prepared to wait. Eddie was courteous and efficient. He did the job in about 20 minutes. Charged me $20 ... a fair price. I couldn't have done this myself. Eddie also recommended companies who I could contact for face replacement on a vintage Zodiac Hermetic (Circa 1965.) All in all a good visit. Remember - CASH ONLY!
Anything you would expect a typical Denny's. Average food for an average price.

I came here with my boyfriend one night. The only thing I will comment on that makes my trip to Denny's different from other trips is that they had Baconalia and my boyfriend decided to try the maple bacon sundae, against the waiter's advice and mine! Bacon is great but there are just some areas that bacon should not go and one is a sundae at Denny's. The maple syrup is their regular syrup that sinks to the bottom of the glass. There were bacon crumbles on top that was equivalent to 1 slice, which got soggy being on the ice cream. I would not advise that sundae to my enemy.

All in all nothing out of the ordinary except for the catastrophe of the maple bacon sundae.
Just sold them about 30 newer best seller hardback books, they paid .50 cents per book. what a great deal for them. I will never do that again. Prices are not even half of what they sell them for. Cheap.
I went to this hotel and I will NEVER stay here. The female/male who was working the desk was a total bitch. Plus over charge for stuff snacks!! Friend was staying here and she didn't like the person who was working the desk. Not a welcome feeling at this hotel.
I have only been here for the lunch buffet, which, at $8.99 is a steal. Seriously, this place is great. It tends towards to more traditional, heavier north indian cuisine, but all of it is done to perfection. The na'an is wonderfully cooked and always plentiful. This place is also great because it offers a wide selection of vegetarian options. A little off the beaten path, but worth checking out!
Parking can be rough here, and during busy times, good luck getting a table.  But your patience will be rewarded.  The sushi specials (on the wipe board) are never to be missed.  The regular menu is filled with flavorful and recognizable dishes but Hana does thing their own way, it is always delicious without being tedious.  A definate must.
I'm a fan for manly two reasons.  One not being the weird club upstairs.

Martini Ranch is always a great time when Rock Lobster is on stage.  I love 80's music.  I can't help it.  I don't care if it makes me lame to some of you.  I freakin' love it.  I may get insecure when I start too many sentences with I, but I will not let you make me feel insecure about my love of 80's cover bands. 

Honestly, I'm drawing a blank on the second reason why I love this place.  Maybe it's because I once met a guy dressed in a toga in the outside bar and we ended up having a hot make-out session later.  Maybe it's because I have a few friends whose bands have played here.  Maybe it's because my friend spilled his entire drink on some girl in the club upstairs and just moon walked away from her like nothing happened.  Maybe it's because I got really drunk here on Halloween dressed as Cruella Deville and I think ended up making a scene outside that only my friends remember.  Maybe it's because I got into a fight with a friend about her decision to get fat from her stomach injected into her lips and a random guy came up and hugged us.  

Maybe it's just the live music.  Like I said, I really love 80's music.
I know this place has a rep for being a sort of hipster hangout, and it is, but the folks are friendly, helpful, and the coffee is outstanding. I had a problem connecting to WiFi but other than that, I'm in love.
Sometimes you sacrifice sub-par customer service for great food, and other times you'll settle for sub-par food/drinks for the great customer service and ambience; amazingly you'll get the best of both worlds here. I have had nothing but great experiences every time I have been here and even told myself after my second to last visit that I would leave a positive review, but after tonight's service I made it a priority to leave my input. The service is always very attentive and kind, and the food and drinks selection is to die for. Me and my boyfriend swear by the cajun burger and mac and cheese both, paired with sweet potato fries and regular fries (they'll allow you to split both)--it's the stuff dreams are made of. The cocktails are fantastic in that they have a myriad of fun and exotic options for a reasonable price, yet they make sure not to skimp on the potency; notable selections would the blood orange martini (on the rocks) for a sweet and tart option, or a Scorpion Bowl (large tropical cocktail served in a bowl suitable for 2-4 people with a flaming shot of 151 in the middle) if you're sharing a good time with some friends. Our servers there have always been great, but a special thanks to both Kate and Kyle for consistently exceptional service. Both have truly gone above and beyond to accommodate our needs without batting an eyelash. 

I work in reputation management so I understand the importance of great establishments getting the public praise they deserve. Every restaurant should strive to be like this one--Hula's employees and management, keep doing what you're doing, don't change a thing.
Yum
The food is presented exactly the way it is in the photos.  I was very very impressed and will definitely return.  The service was awesome!
Now I hold all my BBQ reviews up to my favorite standard and that is Rudy's (a TX based chain with stores in ABQ).  Now I have only been here (Honey Bear's) once on a suggestion from a friend who said it was as good as Rudy's.  Well now I can't say that just yet.   
I stopped in on a whim for lunch.  I decided on the pulled pork sandwich and a side of mac n cheese.  I added a few jalapenos, but I could have used some fresh onions (I guess I should have asked).   
The mac n cheese was good and creamy (velveta like in texture)  and the bbq sauce thin but very tasty (not to sweet, not too ketsupy or vinegary and a nice kick).  The sandwich was that type that required some fork and knife work, especially if you are like me and add more sauce.   
As for the restaurant itself, when I was there it was clean, no frills cafe style.  You go up to the counter to order and pick-up and find a spot to sit.  I enjoyed my meal and plan on going back to try more items off the menu.
This is a happy hour review...

Oh for God's sake when will I ever learn?!?! Another rubber stamped FRC joint to blow my cash... FRC = decent quality, high service, and low value. 

Corn dogs at the fair are also overpriced, but ya know what? They're f'ing HOT. And f'ing FAST. And that dude with one tooth also asks me "How are ya?" eight goddamn times. And they serve $6 beers, too. 

I give FRC credit for training their employees well, and at least I know they will not be closed in six months... and it's pretty inside, and there are cougars, and there was a clan of sherpa's rubbing my feet, and the tempura calamari is bitchin, and the Basil Gimlet was splendid (I had to have two, and the bartender graciously taught me how he made it), and the mac n cheese was dreamy at the bottom, but...  

Oh yeah... my check. And the cold mac that took like 17 minutes (although the bottom was hot). I sensed that it wanted to be really, really good... It was never given a shot at the heat, man... Oh and did I mention the check... Mac and cheese with andouille sausage for $9? I'm ok with that but serve it HOT or the specialty sausage that your chef's education conceived tastes like a microwaved hot dog gone cold. ...like Ma used to make (which is very comforting, don't get me wrong, but cost only sixteen cents). 

You CAN judge a restaurant by the mac n cheese... Sometimes I am just as happy at the fair for $68... try somewhere beside Greene House at Kierland first.
Being a smoker the prices are the cheapest!
So it has been a looooooong time since I have eaten at Cyclo and had an opportunity to have a little Vietnamese lunch so there I sat.... waiting for my friend.  The place looks great!  lively fun new interior.  I was sat promptly and offered water with a bit of mint (nice touch).  

I ordered the short rib appetizer and crispy chicken.  My friend ordered the mixed grill.  The short ribs as I remember did not disappoint.  Succulently flavorful making me dream of taking a full order of them home just to smell in the car!  The crispy chicken had great flavor, but was a little over cooked.  (of course that didn't stop me from eating it.)  My friend really liked the mixed grill and loved the atmosphere.  

Before I would have given 5 stars, but today a 4.  Don't let that stop you from trying though... It is definitely worth trying and I'd say a little more lively at dinner.
Even though I came here with my dad and as weird as it sounds, this seems like a really good spot to take a date. I kinda came into this place by a half-way accident and found out how it really was. I'm French, so after seeing the dopey sounding French name that doesn't mean anything, I decided to check it out. The minute I stepped in I thought, "Oh crap, should've shown up here with a girl." Seriously though, it's not that bad. You can show up here with anyone, but it seems like a more date-ish kinda spot.

The range of wines at Cheuvront is pretty good. There tends to be more American or South American labels, but there are a few European ones as well. What makes this place unique to the Valley is that it's a wine AND cheese bar. Being French, these are two things that you are raised on and make such a wonderful marriage of tastes that it seems like such a travesty that no bar has been devoted to both. Anyway, the wine here is good and so is the cheese.

Overall, this is a really chill place to either wind down after work or to shmooze with a date. I highly recommend this place because if you haven't done the wine/cheese thing you really don't know what you're missing. Just a heads up, the best nights to go here seem to be during the weekend; other nights are just dead.
Met friends here last night for restaurant week. The food was fantastic and the variety offered was a great value. They even included wine or sake. The lobster rolls were very good.
The only negative I found was the waiter had no idea what was on the restaurant week menu or how the whole deal worked. Once he figured it out, he did a nice job.
Amazing amount of food and drink for $30.
place is too good
I have been going to this office for about 7 years, and have always gotten superior service.  I never feel rushed or ignored, and the entire staff is amazing.  While they are busy, so you want to schedule routine exams ahead of time, when I am truly sick and need to be seen, they always find a way to get me in.  

I love the fact that they can take care of all the well-woman stuff, and they are very open to discussing options.  Of course, some decisions come down to insurance, but they are always up front about what costs, side effects and other options I have.

I have referred friends and family and they have all raved as well.
Bob's Takes you Back to the Place where LIFE was GOOD.  Impecable Service at an HONEST Price.  Most places today will charge $50.00 just to roll your bike in and not even talk to you.  
These guys care about their craft and love talking bikes.  I will drive 33 miles just to have my bikes worked on, They do it right and it gives me a good feeling leaving because they are good people!!
In todays world it how much can I gouge and turn & burn the customers. Visit Bob's and you will have a great feeling, because that does not happen there!
DALE You ARE ZEN
I was completely blown away by the portion sizes at Black Bear Cafe! My fiancée and I each ordered something different to share (see pics), and we could have easily shared just one of the meals and had our appetites fully sated. Wait staff was friendly and attentive. Overall had a great experience, even on return visits!
I am from Texas where the BBQ is fabulous and this place hits it out of the park!    My husband is from AZ and now he has asked when we can go back!  We love this place!  We have never had a problem like the other reviewers.  The service is friendly, the food is warm and fresh, the deserts are wonderful!  The BBQ meat by itself is good, but has a variety of sauces to please your palate!  Keep up the good work guys -- we love it!
I can't say whether or not Blue Nile is better than Lalibela.  They both seem to have their pros and cons, which don't necessarily have to do with the food's flavor, but more so personal preferences on texture, price (Blue Nile is a bit pricier than Lalibela), and types of offerings (Blue Nile seems to have a more extensive menu than Lalibela).  Personally, I prefer to flavor and textures of Blue Nile but not so much to pay the difference in price.  So, I would choose Lalibela over Blue Nile.
Great indoor/outdoor space... and some very fun drinks.  Would have given 5 stars if service was faster- but it wasn't too big of a deal.   The patio made us feel like we had gone on a vacation- I love that feeling!
Why bother?
I would definitely go back! My friend had signed up for something and had a free pitcher of Sangria coupon, so we hung out during Happy Hour.  I ordered the tomato toast and gazpacho and enjoyed both. The tomato toast had a "sneaky" spice to it (probably just the garlic), and the gazpacho tasted as though it was made from fresh tomatoes. 

Between myself and two friends, we ordered 6 small dishes plus our dessert. The sangria was free, but I was pretty surprised when our bills were each only $12 or so.  The service was great, and the waiter at the bar constantly refilled our waters and/or sangria. 

The only complaint I would have is that during happy hour, you sit at the bar area. It was sometimes hard to hear and see everyone sitting like that. Also, parking can be messy in that part of Scottsdale. Luckily we avoided that due to the time of our arrival.  Also, they do not take Discover, which is my credit card of choice.

Update: 
I think some of my other friends will probably not return now.  I went again with some friends for just a few things and Sangria. It was pretty much dead, yet we were rushed to pay our check. I was trying to count my cash, and the waiter kept asking for what we wanted to do. I asked if we could have some time, and it was like day to night - suddenly not so Mr. Friendly.  Ah well, I live in Phoenix.... not really in my neck of the woods.  After that, we got some stares from the staff, although the patio was completely empty - no one else was waiting!
I've been to this one twice already since it opened. It's a family favorite.
So the Tavern isn't "my place", but I am giving it four stars for the following:

1) The patio 
2) Our server - it was the best service I've ever received at a bar, hands down
3) They have Leinenkugels on tap!

I really enjoyed myself while I was there.  It's not my favorite bar on Mill, but it's a decent place to meet up with people and have a chill few hours - at least on the patio.
First Dennis, just sort on date...not that hard,
Been going here off and on a couple of years.  I seldom get a day off work (Sat Sun included) so I am picky.  I went to Mel's and ordered a Spanish Omelet.  Not to hard, right?  So after a very long wait (and there was no one their, the counter was empty but for me) I got an omelet with a greasy, nasty hamburger on top.  Never got a coffee refill, never got asked how was the meal, even after I slid the greasy bomb off my now inedible omelet and left most of the plate of food untouched.  Ate the toast.  About $10 for a cup of coffee and two slices of toast.  That's it for me.  Never again.  Stay away.
Arizona burger with habenero cheese and sliced jalapenos.  Most cannot take the heat.  If you are looking for something different and spicy, it is good.
Good sushi and nice sized plates for the price. Haven't tried drinks yet but its on the to-do list. Figure out the hidden menu before you go, if thats your kind of thing. I always feel weird ordering off of it, but it makes them smile.
Go for happy hour and save some happy money for that pocket of yours!
And if you're anything like me.. you will walk through the door and think "HELLO MOTO!"
Some of the best mexican food I ever had and it was in an airport, imagine that.
While visiting the Mesa area, I went here for their $4.99 lunch special 3 times in 1 week. Need I say more since if I think a place is just okay I rarely return. 
This is real Mexican food, the authentic goods, not fresh Mex. Real retried beans - but no lard so safe for vegans like me ( even Baja & Chipotle's pinto beans aren't vegan). Plus I could get the burrito sans tortilla since I'm also gluten-free. I do wish the guacamole was chunkier, it kind of reminds me of the Wholly Guacamole at the supermarkets. But the rest is just fine. It is about impossible to find a restaurant that I can feel satisfied & not hungry for $5 & that would be without the included drink! I'll miss this place when we head back home.
Owners are really nice, friendly & helpful.
Been to this Mastros several times now and am consistently satisfied witht he food, drinks and experience overall.  Steaks done perfectly, sides huge but still well-prepared, and drinks perfectly made.  We are never rushed to order or throught he courses and can thoroughly enjoy the evening there.  On this occasion we were celebrating my birthday and our anniversary.  The restaurant comped us a ginormous dessert - flourless chocolate cake (heavenly), chocolate covered strawberries (ripe, not green like you get at other places) and mountains of house made whipped cream.  Amazing!  Between the dinner and dessert we had 6 boxes of leftovers!  The consistent quality and service make Mastros my continued favorite.
We had some family in town and we decided to bring everyone here. We had to wait a little while but it was a weekend night so it was expected. We grabbed some drinks in the bar and chips and salsa, we were happy campers.

Chips and salsa were both good. Nothing EXTRAORDINARY but the salsa was very good.

We sat outside by the big pond and it was nice out, even in the summer. I ordered the Pollo Fundido and it was very good as well. I'm not going to say if it was the best or not since everyone has different preferences, but it was very very good and worth ordering. I would say it is more on the sweeter side (must've been the cream cheese) than most fundidos.

Service was very good and attentive, kitchen speed was fine. Great food at a great place. We will be back!
This was an interesting experience. The sushi was very good especially for Phoenix where "fresh" fish is extremely hard to come by. The atmosphere and decor is great but I went there for lunch on a weekday and the time it took to get the food left something to be desired to get back to work on time. In addition it is July in Phoenix but they had the door propped open when its well over 100, huh?  The edamame was good but could use more salt throughout rather than just a sprinkle on top and of course it is hard to mess up edamame.  The tempura vegetables were battered well and the sauce had just the right hint of spice which was amazing. However, the vegetables that were used were ehhh and they were cooked in clumps together so you couldn't pick the veggies you really like without getting a mouth full of veggies you can do without. Now for the sushi. The spicy tuna roll was oh so good!  Just based on the sushi alone, I will go to Moira again and I recommend it to those looking for well done seemingly fresh sushi  but not when I have a time constraint like lunch on a weekday.
One server, one cook, one guy making bread. Had a Groupon so didn't do the buffet. Ordered two dips and had to ask for more bread. Also had to flag down server to order drinks. A wait for our meals and not much meat that was dry and overcooked. Maybe dinner or the buffet is better but having been to that part of the world and had that food, I wasn't impressed enough to be back. My Groupon was for $40 so when I got my bill and it said a discount for less and the amount I figured I owed wasn't the same as what I was told, I asked the server. She said she couldn't help me because the owner did the bill and she couldn't fix it. Seriously? Not good!
Great Mexican food! The store has very, very cheap produce (even better on weekly 2 day sale). Best supermarket in the valley!
I have been going to Shogun for over 10 years. Some of my favorites are the sunshine roll, chicken katsu and tempura. Very chill restaurant with reasonable prices.
We drive from the northwest valley for their heavenly  Black & White lattes with (amazing) fresh whipped cream. And their baked goods (lemon tarts, plum cakes, cupcakes, etc.) are other worldly. Great college town vibe.
Highly recommend. This is a great local eatery!
The bar is fun and lively, its a great place to come with or without the kids. The food is an excellent interpretation of great south western cuisine. Service is spot on by a team of young fresh pros.....
Cant wait til we visit next.
Sure, it's not far away from home, but once you enter The Boulders' incredible property, you feel like you've been transported to another world!  Our one-night staycation at this renowned resort exceeded my expectations.

We lucked out and stayed in one of the renovated casitas.  It had plenty of room all around; what a perfect layout!  (An extremely comfortable king bed, a desk, a sitting room, a fireplace, walk-in closet, flat screen TV, large bathroom and a patio with a gorgeous view).  In addition, they have every amenity one would expect and more.  High end spa products, robes, mini-bar, etc... plus extra special touches such as a flash light on a keychain for wandering the property at night, and a bedside book for your reading pleasure entitled "Life is Good."  Our casita # was 282 in case anyone wants to put in a special request ;)  It's located near the Golden Door Spa which I'll review separately but highly recommend!

During the 24 hours we spent at The Boulders, we sat by the main pool, had some lunch, visited the spa, Jared played a bit of golf (I hear the course is pretty spectacular), saw a coyote, worked out in the top notch fitness center and movement studio, had a glorious breakfast at the Spa Cafe, and were blown away by the friendly staff / service all around.  

The Boulders truly provides a Zen-like experience, and I highly recommend it to anyone looking for a relaxing get-away in a first class resort.  I will warn you, it's pricey in high season.  Thankfully, we did have a gift card this time... but I can't wait to return and take advantage of their summer rates (which I hear are pretty incredible).  

Just like the book that sits bedside in the casita, staying at The Boulders really does remind you that "life is good!"
Sweet Cakes is such a fun and awesome place to eat! Love their lunches and the 5 layer brownie is to die for! The service is great and since its a family owned place I feel comfortable bringing my family there as well. They are CASH ONLY but they take cards on big orders if you ask and they do take checks.
Last night was my first time to the garage.  The food was decent.  The service was just horrendous.  On a Saturday night the place was completely understaffed, our waitress  even forgot part of our order.  The music was very loud inside, the atmosphere was just plain disappointing.
Stopped in for a quick beer while we finished watching a baseball game.  Great little dive bar that appeared to have some decent food.  Next time I am in the moon valley area I will have to give the food a try.
This store has really downsized since I last went in there (it's been a few years).  I really miss how it used to be -- full of so much paper, embellishments, and the classroom area was huge!  I totally understand having to move into a smaller space, though.  I am just now getting back into scrapbooking after quite awhile of not having the extra money to spend on this hobby.

The store still has a nice array of products -- both paper and embellishments.  I didn't have a hard time using the Yelp deal ($20 for $30 worth of products).  I found tons of stuff I wanted.  The atmosphere is very casual and nobody is hounding you while you browse.  I've always liked that about this location.

I didn't catch her name, but the lady that was working on the day my husband and I went in (9/9/12) was extremely nice and friendly.

The store is still very well organized, maintained, and has plenty of product to choose from.
I'm a believer. A nice late lunch on Sunday on a not yet hot day. Alcohol? check. Cheese fundido? Check. Camarones? No, the waitress explained to my spanish speaking companion that he should wait until he hit a real mariscos place. Check for honesty. She tried to get us to order the parilla, but I always have bad luck with smoke in my eyes. I think I got the carne asada.

And the place was full of Mexican families. It's in the hood so whiteys beware! N.B. If you don't act white they bring you the good salsa. And the fundido like many artery clogging choices, is the authentic preparation. Go back to Baja Fresh you chain loving haters.
One year the local rag reader mag.  voted this place in the annual "best" issue... "The best place to take someone from Tucson to make them feel like they are in Tucson"  This is a compliment.  I love pita jungle.  The Chicken and humus appetizer is great... get the humus half red pepper and half jalapeño.  Also, the Menchilada is enough grub for a few days.
Terrible and overpriced!! Had to ask three people for a spoon, ketchup, and nobody came back.  Ordered a chopped salad...halfway through it, sans dressing because it was awful, I realized the chicken that seemed extra soft, had blood thT squished out of it when poked w fork. Told waiter, And his First response was ...let me go ask the chef about this!!! Elbe returned with my bloody chicken salad an place it down in front of me, informing me that he'd seen chicken do that at other restaurants in town, and the chef said it was fine to eat! Ummm WTF kind of morons do they hire???? He even charged us for the thing!!! I complained to manager and handed complaint cArd to him...and said we were not retiring! What a disappointment!
I will attempt to give a fair review. Most of the reviews on here are a little dramatic. I lived in a 1 bedroom 1 bath on the Wakial Loop side on the 3rd floor for 1 year and 3 months, while I searched for a house. 

The front staff was friendly, but before signing anything, realize that they do "fudge" certain facts. Your water bill changes every month and it is a ridiculous amount. I was told my bill would not be more than $30 in any given month for water, I consistantly paid $40-50 each month, even during the winter. Currently I pay $50/month for my house water, sewer, and trash combined. Not sure how I ended up paying $50/month for water alone in a small one bedroom apartment. I paid my rent on time each and every time and had no problems there. For people who complain about that, if you just paid your rent on time then you wouldn't have any issues about late fees. Read the contract you sign.

The apartment was clean when I moved in and in very livable condition. The A/C unit was leaking on day 1, but I called and they immedietly came and fixed it the next day (a Sunday). I only had to call maintenace 3 times while staying there. Twice they were very quick to respond. The 3rd time it took over 2 weeks to get someone to fix my only bathroom sink.

As other have mentioned, parking is horrible. The spaces are small and you have to hope you get luck and you have a compact with two neighbors that have compacts. Other than that, nothing else will fit. I have a SUV and was able to work with the front office to get another parking spot that was larger. It was weird how different spots were different sizes.

For the most part I had decent neighbors on 2 out of 4 sides. My neighbors across the hall and below me were horrible. However, this is not fair to the apartment as idiots will do whatever they want regardless of what they are told. My neighbors across from me were always running up and down the stairs and yelling and screaming (kids). The neighbors below me would play loud annoying music late into the night and made it impossible to sleep. After a week of this, they stopped (I'm assuming the front office did something about it.)

The gym as decent, a few machines and treadmills, however the annoying thing was that kids would come in and trash the place and take the pins for the machines. This made it difficult to use the machines and you would always find pens in place of pins. The pool area was difficult to get into and out of. They don't give you a key for it, but it just opens in the morning and closes at night. However if you're in the pool during the day and the door closes, good luck getting out. You'll have to climb over the gate or wait until a maintenance man with a key walks by.

Now to be fair to the apt and the staff. Everything they did was fine, their service was OK, NOT great or exceptional but average and standard. Sometimes they were rude but they are consistantly very busy. You can't control the peoople who move in/out of the place so I don't think it's fair to judge the apartment based on the neighbors, but it is a factor whether you want to live there or not. It is a very good price and in an excellent area. It is close to the freeway and shopping and in a very safe area of town, thus you get all types of people who live there whethere they belong there or not. My neighbors had 6 people living in a 2 bedroom.

All in all, the experience was okay. I would not recomment ths place to live due to the neighbors and all the different types of people that live there. However it's not horrible and I felt safe and the staff tried their best to make the stay as good as possible.
Sorry...Can only give this place 2 stars. We went at night, and the 1st thing we noticed was the cold, hard, white, & un-inviting  lights!!!! Ugh! ...Terrible lighting in there! It was like street light lighing, or like warehouse lighting....Was not appropriate for a dining place at all!  
The waiter informed us that they were out of 3 things on the menu! (...That's a bad sign right there!). I ordered the BBQ Chicken Sandwich with a side of Cole Slaw.
The sauce & the shredded chicken came separate....You had to pour in the sauce on the chicken.  At Honey Bears, it already mixed in, which I feel is better that way.
The chicken wasn't really that warm, luke warm at most, and that goes for the sauce, too. Plus, I thought the sauce was on the bland side. It was missing flavor.  The cole slaw was the same way...bland.  Honey Bear's is far better!! ...Their sauce is kick-ass! ...It has a 'kick'.
Also, the sound acoustics were awful in there. There were only about  8 people dining but it sounded like there were 40 people! 
Also, I spotted an employee eating food in the kitchen.... I don't think that customer should be seeing that happening.
One more thing, the restroom smelled absolutely HORRIBLE! ...Like a sewer in there! 
...Sorry for all of the complaints, but I am just telling you what happened on my visit there... We will most likely not return here.  Honey Bear's BBQ is way better!
I am new to Scottsdale, I came from an area where I had a VERY hard time finding a decent nail place and was hesitant about going through the process again.

I got this recommendation from the lady at the bank. Because there was a closer salon to my house I started at the wrong place. Big mistake. My acrylic started popping off the following day. By the time I came to Scottsdale Nails, I think I had four nails left that were in decent shape.

Lindsey was my nail tech. I told her about the issues and about my hesitation of looking for a new place. She was WONDERFUL. She explained to me that perhaps my acrylic from my Key West nail lady didn't interact well with the acrylic from the last place (of course the last place didn't care, I even offered that I was new to the area).

She removed the old acrylic and we started fresh, She did a great job of caring for my nails and making sure that I had the shape/length that I like. Loved that. I tipped her well because she was VERY caring.

The place is clean and pretty. It is the largest nail salon I have EVER seen - I believe I counted 18 mani AND 18 pedi stations.

I have a couple of complaints/observations:
They only accept cash tips. They do NOT make it clear before you sit down (I even called ahead and made an appointment). 
Parking for a 12:30 appointment sucked (sorry if that's a bit harsh, but it wasn't 'bad', it didn't 'stink', I call it like it is). I hope that it was because it was the lunch hour and there were quite a few eateries there. I drove around for SEVEN MINUTES before I found a space by Walgreen's.
After my appointment, I stopped at the front desk to schedule my next appointment. The owner/manager lady stepped away and never came back. I made it a point to stand in front of the window and move a bit... nothing. Some of the nail techs came up and got paperwork and retrieved clients, I expected them to let her know I was there. Nothing...

I will go back.
I have been coming here and all of their locations for 15 years. It is always an excellent experience and the food is excellent and very consistent even at different locations around the country. Great food at a fair price. Good friendly staff.
Best vietnamese restaurant in town. Good looking place, great food, great presentation.
Great location, sucky parking.  Being so close to the mall you have to drive around and find something. 

The food was what I have come to expect. They were able to accommodate our party of 10 in a matter of minutes (lunch made that easier, I think).  The staff was attentive and the price was right.
Thanks to Groupon (free advertising, guys), my family got a heck of a deal on our dinners.

The atmosphere was cozy, but can get cramped real quick come Friday's happy hour.

Their spicy spring rolls were made of a thicker won-ton type wrapper. They fried ours a little too long, so it had a slightly burned taste, as well as char marks. The plum sauce was overpoweringly fruity. One of my least favorite spring rolls ever.

Their satay beef was very peanut buttery. Not great, but tasty enough.

I thought their teppanyaki beef and yakisoba was excellent!

Their hong kong flat rice noodles were very mild. Kind of like grilled chicken and noodles.  Children and most geriatrics may find this to their liking.

The spicy yellowtail sushi was served seaweed on the outside. Very good.

Amanda was a great waitress. She worked us a great deal, and offered suggestions.
I had lunch there the other day with some co-workers. I had the San Jaun platter, which had a variety of Puerto Rico dishes. It had such a diverse mix of flavors and I enjoyed it very much. Granted, I was so hungry at the time, I am sure that anything would have tasted incredible. 

The tables and chairs are a little jank, but I let that one slide. The waiter and wait staff were very attentive and courteous. I would love to try dinner and experience the tapas menu. 

The background latin music playing somehow makes your hips start a movin...seriously. It will happen to you.
This is a brand new location for Starbucks and it's mostly a drive through venue. There is a pint-sized area inside (4-5 tables) and a larger outdoor patio if you wish to relax with your beverage and pirate some wifi.

Employees here were prompt and pleasant. Overall, a fairly typical Starbucks.
Does it help to be an alcoholic to work here? Just a rhetorical question. I'm sure it helps if you're a customer. I mean all those choices - I feel like a kid in a candy store. But it wasn't always this way with Total Wine. I remember when they first started popping up all over the place and I got a gift card for Christmas and I wanted to spend it all in one store but their beer selection was completely lacking. Wanted some Belgian beer - Ename and the guy trying to help me out gave me this DUH look and told me they didn't have it and he'd never even heard of it. To be fair, I asked someone at Bevmo the same thing and he HAD heard of it and they were available in their California stores but because of some Arizona regulations they couldn't stock it here locally. So I've been a discount card carrying member of Bevmo since then and one day I walked into this Total Wine and realized they had everything I could ever want right here in this store. No need to wait till the next time I went to California to get certain things. Sometime during the past 6 or 7 years Total Wine did a total turnaround and actually surpassed BevMo! as THE place to go for your alcohol needs.

So I'm not into Dave Letterman or MSN style top ten lists but here are my top 3 reasons to go to this Total Wine instead of the BevMo! on Ray and 54th Street:

1) Selection is much better. Also, if you go online on Total Wine's site, they'll even tell you which aisle and which side of the aisle the item is located on. BevMo's site just tells you how many they have available in that store.

2) Total Wine has it's own parking lot all by itself. BevMo! shares a parking lot with a bunch of other businesses and is pretty close to the Sandbar - I had a few close calls with some folks that I'm sure made the most of happy hour before leaving the parking lot. 

3) BevMo! closes at 9PM every day except Sunday - when they close at 7PM. Total Wine closes at 10PM every day except Sunday - when they close at 9PM. So you simply have no choice but to go to Total Wine if you waited too long to stock up.
This pharmacy is the worst customer service I have ever been through 21/2 hour  wait to get our melds and the manger Mike the distric manager blames us for there in compodence  this is a horrifying ordeal we.now have to drive from Peoria all the way to Cave Creek now to get my Meds this is a nightmare Stay clear folks its not worth the wait this is the Costco in Peoria Az
I've been to Maizie's for brunch, lunch and drinks.  The lunch portions and pricing are great.  I live within walking distance of this spot so sometimes I have to keep myself away.  I love the fresh cut fries...the sweet potato fries are my favorite but all of them are great even the plain ones.  Short of five stars because the service is hit or miss.  My waitress during my most recent lunch visit was very "into" the table next to ours and not so attentive to my table.  I've been hearing rave reviews about the $4 burger special on Mondays.  I'll have to update this review when I give it a try.
Great pizza and salads but does anyone really believe management's ridiculous( and much repeated)  claim  that veggies in dishes are from that small strip of tomatoes, peppers, etc. leading up sidewalk  to entry? 

If that was true, they could easily harvest whole garden in a day. . . and vegetables do not magically mature and ripen overnight, particularly in winter months. Plus, who wants to eat  veggies from garden uncouth customers sometimes use as an ash tray or trash can for gum wrappers, etc.?

Terrific food, ludicrous backstory.
Ok, so I didn't try the tortilla soup.  my bad.  I guess I should have.  Maybe I'd have been more impressed.  I'm not overly thrilled with this place, but I was not underwhelmed either.  The ambiance is terrible - kinda like Mexico City meets school cafeteria.  Service was adequate, and the prices are reasonable.  I reviewed their website before going to make sure I knew where the place was, and I have to say whomever designed their website should give them a refund.  Yes, it's flashy and cool, but navigation is a PITA and trying to read the menu in such a small window is difficult, knowing that there are multiple pages helps though - even though they are hard to find.  When people can't find you, or have difficulty navigating your website to get information, they quickly lose interest.  just sayin.

I came with the family, celebrating a visit from my oldest daughter, and since we've always wanted to try LPS, this was the opportunity.  the flourescent lights glaring down from the high ceiling really light up the place, like border patrol checkpoint bright.  It made it real easy to see the food, and everybody elses food too - as in everybody else in the place.  I dunno, it's not like I want it dark, but you could soften the lighting just a bit. I ordered the Bistek con Enchilada Suiza - with green sauce.  It wasn't bad.  The freshly made corn tortillas just fell apart and were worthless as taco devices.  I ended up just eating my tacos with a fork and spoon.  The enchiladas were ok, not too spicy and had a bit of flavor - the green sauce option really helped.  It was sort of a spicy tomatillo sauce.  I don't eat rice, but it appeared to be the standard orangish mexican rice.  The beans were served in a little bowl and were not refried, which was a refreshing change of pace, and the complimentary chips and salsa were good.

Overall, the food was not bad, I guess I was expecting something more, like spice, but I understand that central mexico cuisine is not necessarily spicy.  I would have settled for more flavor.  Others in my party had similar comments about their dishes, nobody was really jazzed after that meal.
I have been stopping by this Pita Jungle for take out after work every few weeks for years. However, they have lost me as a customer because the service has been getting progressively worse. I placed an internet order (as I almost always do) but today no one seemed to know how that works. Clearly, they are not training their staff because it took four people to figure it out. The order should have been ready by 4:15 but I had to wait another twenty before they brought my food. They made no apologies but stopped by several times and said it would be "another two minutes." I asked for no onions on the broiled chicken salad. When I got home and took it out of the bag there were so many onions on it I could barely see anything else. Today was the last time I will ever go to this location. Just wish I had said something while I was there.
I have to say that parking at this location stinks when it's busy. I've been known to just skip it if I can't find a parking spot that's less than a mile away. 

It has a weird layout. You have to walk all the way to the back to place your order. But the staff in there are always pleasant. Even when there seems to be a line out the door.

If you fill out the survey on your receipt, you get a free donut on your next visit. Everyone deserves a free donut!
Pretty good... Not as good as "Wahoos" in California. Very friendly staff, fresh food. Awesome clam strips.
Huge, delicious and sweet. That's what you can expect from Bosa! I wish I knew about this place sooner. Glad I tried it and you will be, too! 

I like that they have a drive thru for the mornings you left the house in your pjs and don't want to necessarily be seen. Try my favorites- raspberry filled or chocolate sprinkles. Ok so maybe I have more than a few favorites!
Such a fun place to take the kiddos!  The playground is covered so you don't have to worry as much about the direct sun and the railroad ride is just plain fun!
It's not authentic asian food but it's still pretty damn good.  It gets very busy there during dinner time.  I usually call ahead and pick up my order.  The best thing about that is that they have a system that recognizes your phone number and brings up your last order.  They'll ask if I want what I had my last order and it saves so much time on their part.  
The Pad Thai and Lettuce Wraps are the best.  My wife usually get the Pei Wei spicy w/ chicken and brown rice. 
By far, it's one of the few places in AZ that I can say "it's my favorite place to go"
Oh I absolutely love this place and I say that as a vegetarian! Well dont think I am crazy. For starters, I just love the ambiance and people here, ah makes me feel like I am in the south! and their portions are HUGE for the price they charge and I heard some meat eaters say the chicken here is way better than KFC :) Anyway, they have a lovely veggie platter in which you can order any 4 side dishes and it comes with their amazing cornbread. I got Collard Greens, Fried Okra, Mac & Cheese and Eggs. Check the pics.  I was tempted to get the beans which would have made my dish completely southern from what I hear, but anyway the food was absolutely amazing. I think my friends got chicken fried steak (?) and catfish and they vouch for them too. oh I have had stupid fries in the past and loved 'em as well. I love how they serve everything in mason jars(?) here! oh and if u get a chance please actually have the chicken and waffles as well! and it was one of our member's birthday that day and the awesome waiter just gave us the amazing Red Velvet cake for free :)
Finally, a decent boba place in the area. All the other places around the area may have selection, like the place in the LeeLee's complex, but the boba SUCKS!

This place actually had good boba, not too chewy, not too hard, not too sweet...pure awesomeness! I was verging on a 4 to a 4.5 rating but the quality of boba rounded to score up to 5.

The drinks itself are good and classic, nothing too crazy or fancy. Also, the Diamond Ice is a must have for the summer. A mini size cost $4.50, but once you see what a mini looks like, the price makes sense. I was enough for 2 ppl, at least! 

Also, the cost of the drinks here are more than I'm use to, but since I saw fresh fruit, not not just bottles of syrup, behind the counter, I have no problem forking out the extra amount.

Over all great place, I just wish it was open later (I've never been to a Boba tea house that closed as early as 8pm)
QT is my favorite gas station/convenient store in AZ. They are always well lit and super clean. 

As soon as you walk in you're greeted by the clerk. Service is super fast. They seem to hire smart and educated people who know how to multitask. 

They have so many choices on drinks, snacks and candy. You truly cannot go wrong with this place!

I go out of way to go to QT
***Chase Field's Big Dawgs sells decent though expensive foot-long hot dogs that are heavily topped and categorized by city or state (Chicago Dog, Wisconsin Dog, California Dog, Arizona Dog)***

Chase Field's main concession stand is Double Headers, which is easy to find because of their many locations.  Double Headers features traditional ballpark food like hot dogs, popcorn and nachos.  Big Dawgs (which has only one location in Section 130) also serves traditional concessions like hot dogs, but they are done with a little more flair.

Big Dawgs emphasizes "big" food items such as a variety of foot-long hot dogs to a very large $16 soft pretzel that comes with multiple dipping sauces.

The foot-long hot dogs are named by city/state and they were offering 4 varieties on our visit (the dogs were displayed in a glass case with all their toppings).  There was the Arizona Dog, which featured melted cheese, sausage and red and black tortilla strips.  There was also a Chicago Dog, which seemed to the traditional Chicago ingredients like relish, tomato, etc.  They also had a Wisconsin Dog, which was topped with macaroni and cheese and bacon.

There was even a California Dog on the menu.  If I asked Californians what they think would be in the California Dog, I imagine most would say avocado.  I don't think avocado was in it (unless the enthusiastic cashier did not explain it correctly). The California Dog was topped with melted cheese, onions, peppers, and steak (it really seemed to be a Philly Cheesesteak Dog so maybe the name was just incorrect).

We went with the Arizona Dog and it was pretty good.  The bun was nice and soft while the hot dog had a good flavor.  Not too strong and not bland.  The toppings were just okay.  The tortilla strips were fine and provided a good crunch, but the cheese did not have much spice and the sausage was a little ordinary.

The staff here was very enthusiastic and helpful.

Pricing was high.  The foot-long dogs were elaborate creations, but they might not be worth the $9 price tag.

Big Dawgs provides a different hot dog experience so it might be worth checking out if you come to this stadium and want to walk away with something a little more interesting than a regular hot dog, nachos or popcorn.
I had a very bad experience with Darque Tan. I needed a full body tan before my trip to the Dominican Republic this summer and asked the gals there what the best package would be for me given I only had two weeks to tan. They ended up selling me this ridiculous package costing over $100 for just five tans. I even asked if there were any deals for first time clients....they said that was the best they could do. I later found out that I could have signed up for the same package for much less, but it was up to me to address this during time of purchase. When I returned to dispute this matter, the girls basically told me TOUGH LUCK! What horrible customer service and these employees obviously work off a commission because they definitely did not offer me the best deal for what I was wanting to accomplish. 

I will not go back, nor will I refer anyone to Darque Tan.
Ugh. I've never eaten at a Federico's, Rodiberto's, Pinocchio's or any other O's before and this was the last time I'll ever do it. Came back late from Anthem and didn't feel like cooking - this place is brand new, we've eaten at just about every Surprise food establishment and against my better judgement I suggested that we give it a shot for proverbials and giggles. The food was just DISGUSTING. I got a burrito and cheese enchilada combo and had to photograph it halfway through. Here's the pic (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Lhaj-hGoMgw70_vbFW9a9Q?select=nHDw95uHdll5qMAp3RY19A). After bringing the "meal" home (we live a mile away) the burrito tortilla was almost completely cold and I'm 100% convinced it was store bought. No doubt about it. Leathery and foul, like eating something directly out of the packet from Frys. After pulling it apart to remove the green peppers I noticed that there was maybe two tablespoons' worth of shredded beef in there, barely enough to fill a taco let alone a burrito. I had three bites of the thing before discarding it and almost retching - the entire experience was like mowing down on a spandex shirt that someone had just worked out in. The enchilada containment space looked like the locker room scene from the movie "Carrie" - see photo for proof. Rice was okay. Beans were okay, but pureed to the consistency of mashed potatoes. Barely any flavour at all. The wife's mileage was the same - she flung her carne asshola burrito after a single bite and wound up pouring a bowl of cereal for dinner. I tentatively bit into the kid's cheese quesadilla and almost couldn't strangle it down. We didn't need another Mexican restaurant in Phoenix and certainly not in Surprise. I hope this place goes down the gurgler in short order. A rare single star from me.
The reviews are true, this place rocks in a big way. I've been wanting to try go here for months and finally found the time during a vacation day and was blown away by the food. Incredible flavors, piping hot as it just came off the grill, not from under a heat lamp. My wife and I both had the Torta Nortena, it was huge and delicious! Comes with your choice of chips or salad, get the salad! Fresh lettuce, radish, cucumbers, & a grill jalapeno and onion-mouth watering. The menu is huge and I can't wait to go back and try some of the other dishes. A friend that was with us got a platter and had to bring half of it home. The prices are very, very reasonable for what you get. I'll be taking all my out of town friends here. If they thought Chino Bandito was cool, wait until they get a taste of LRDLT!
Never will I return to this place, I have not tried their food but the customer service alone was enough to make me never want to come back.So me and my friend show up albeit on a saturday morning we go inside because there's no clear signs as to where we should sit we ask one of the servers if we can just sit anywhere she says and I quote "yes go ahead and sit anywhere there's no wait list" so we go sit at a table after sitting there for a good 5 minutes another server comes and tells us that's not assigned to yolis mind you its still in the courtyard so we ask him where we should sit he looks pretty confused at this point and starts clearing up a table for us, well then a lady comes which I assume is the owner and very rudely says you guys can't sit here those people over there have been waiting for over an hour for this table we have a waiting list inside. I told her I had asked a server inside and she told me there was no list her response exactly was and at this point she had raised her voice "well I'm telling you you cannot sit here and there is a waiting list" by this time we had had it we left and if it wasn't for a parade that was going on in the downtown area we would have gone to in pockets which we love and always get treated with respect. Very unpleasant people and very disorganized place..
Came here during happy hour to have some nosh.  My server, Stephanie was very attentive and offered suggestions for sushi and drink.  The svedka cherry limeade cocktail was good as suggested but most of the food fell short of even bein ok.  My first dish of tuna in ponzu with togarashi was good but the tuna hand roll was klunky and unseasoned.  I took the server's other reccomendation and tried the Blarney, but once again not very seasoned and the mango sauce was sticky and just not good.  I will say however the garlic soy edamame were pretty tasty.  All in all the service was what stopped me from giving Pearl a one star rating, she was bubbly and attentive as a good server should be.  I will be back for happy hour but not for the food.
Had a great lunch here...sat at the bar. Food came pretty quick, even though they were pretty busy. The food was VERY good, I had the pea soup which was great, and I had the fresh fish special which was Halibut. It was also very good. Portions are small but I like that, I'll have to come back and check out the wines....the wine list looked good!  It was about 80% women in here...which was also very yummy...
When my wife's friend mentioned she would be choosing Butterfield's for her Saturday morning brunch, I figured the place would be decent. After several visits, I can honestly say I hope I never go to another breakfast restaurant. 

When you arrive at the restaurant, be prepared for a wait. The bigger the party, the longer the wait so I always recommend traveling in small groups or calling ahead (note: I haven't the slightest clue if they will even allow you to do so but it's worth a shot). Weekends will have the longest wait (obviously) however the time spent waiting makes the food even better.

On the most important topic, I have to say that I had an amazing omelet served with hash browns and pancakes. I had to do a double take on the omelet because of the shear size of it. No joke, it must have been 4 inches tall. My first omelet was graced with bacon and two types of cheese. With an omelet like this, the add-ins are not scarce. You can almost guarantee that each mouthful will be filled with all your choices. I know my mouth was. They have fresh squeezed orange juice and plenty of other tasty beverages available. 

I can't wait to return to try out other menu items. I recommend this place to all family/friends who visit my family for a great breakfast. Just be sure to get there early!
This place was a hidden surprise, in a good way.  Tucked way back in a strip mall (isn't that always the case?) it offered a counter ordered meal with server delivered food.  Nothing fancy, but more full-plate style tex-mex beyond the typical burritos and tacos at places like Chipotle.

The portions were huge and they get bonus points for self-serve salsa and pico de gallo with a nice variety of flavors and levels of heat.
anyone who has lived in the East Valley for more than two years and says they've never eaten here on a after-bar food run is a mentiroso (liar).

open 24 hours, this is only good when your taste buds, along with your judgment, is compromised.

fast food, but no taco bell, this is more authentic. come 2:30 am on the weekends, and even weekdays, the drive thru line snakes around the building, and it's almost all drunk drivers. i don't know why the tempe PD doesn't just stake out the drive thru exit and pick off DUI offenders one by one. expect to see girls running behind bushes to pee and guys trying to start fights from windows, and consider it entertainment as you wait for your food (this can be a 20-30 minute expedition during peak hours).
food is not bad, and relatively cheap. just try not to pass out in your car while waiting for it
Absolutely superb. 

My boyfriend made reservations about a week ago for my birthday dinner last night at FnB. They called him earlier in the day yesterday (Friday) to confirm, which I absolutely love. 

We arrived 15 minutes early but were seated immediately by Pavle. He pulled out my chair for me, called me all different terms of endearment, was incredibly attentive, etc etc. 

When my boyfriend asked if they had lemonade, Pavle said "no, but I have simple syrup and lime juice in the back. How about a limeade?" It seems silly, but that was such a great touch. Also, the limeade was awesome!

We ordered the moz/leeks/egg dish and oh, wow. The leeks were cooked perfectly, the bread crumbs added the perfect crunch, and the egg mixed with the delicious, warm, gooey mozzarella was the perfect mixture of tastes and texture. Wow. 

We also ordered the grilled spicy broccoli with pistachios. Perfect amount of spiciness - not so bland that you're questioning where the heat went, but not so spicy to where your mouth is on fire for minutes afterward. The broccoli was thick and cooked perfectly - grilled and still crisp. 

Both my boyfriend and I are vegetarians and were told that we could order a specially made plate. Because we were so full from the two appetizers, we split a vegetarian entree.

And again ... wow. We were given a plate overflowing with food. It was a trio of dishes - broccoli with (we think) cumin rice and a tomato garnish/sauce, potatoes with pea pods and (I believe...) spinach, and beans with spinach, and an array of green leafies. Each bite was more delicious than the one prior. We hardly talked as we devoured the food. So good, so tasty - everything was seasoned perfectly and perfectly cooked. 

I was so excited to have a vegetarian dish that wasn't just pasta with a vegetable thrown in. It is so nice to have an innovative vegetarian dish that truly felt like it was made creatively. Pavle told us he truly appreciated the assessment of the vegetarian food, and we let him know how absolutely wonderful it was.

He also let us know they have a vegetarian tasting menu once every few months, which trust me, we'll be going to. 

Overall, one of the best dining experiences I've had in a very long time. We truly felt like we weren't burdening the (amazing) staff with any requests or questions. They were all so friendly and attentive. 

We will definitely be back to FnB.
A really quaint, multi cultural asian food experience. The drunken chicken and shrimp are awesome. Convenient location right on Baseline and Stapley. The staff is very friendly, entire premise is clean. Can't ask for more than that.
Mamma Toledo is another phenomenal food truck who's made the jump from mobile to a store front, and I'm glad she did!!

Here's the thing with Mamma Toledo:  As cliche as it sounds, she's an artist, and her medium is pie crust and interesting, delicious things to fill them with.

I first encountered Mamma Toledo a couple summers ago, at Food Truck Friday.  

All of her pies are made by HER, with one goal in mind:  To make the best pie she can.

And she does a damned good job.

My absolute favorite:  Chili Mango Pie.  Sweet tanginess that you can't stop eating!!

Her Key Lime Pie is actually KEY LIME pie!!  and it's the best I've had!!  (if you're a Dexter fan, you'll understand).

Rhubarb Pie.   If you've ever had real Rhubarb Pie, you know A) how good it is  B) how hard it is to find good Rhubarb Pie.     Mamma Toledo's Rhubarb Pie is every bit as good as my Grandmother's, that she made from the rhubarb that grew in her yard in up state New York.    Yes, it's THAT good.

But don't think those are the only good ones.  They're ALL good!! 

Really, Mamma Toledo is one of those rare people who's been able to turn a passion into a business, and everything she makes is made with the goal of being the best pie you ever eat in mind.
I'm definitely a fan, and I've eaten here a handful of times. I'm particularly in love with their pastries-the almond croissant is my favorite. (And if you want a croissant, get there early).
I'm writing this review because I just got takeout from them. I ordered the beef burger cooked to order and served with a side salad. Toppings on the organic burger included bacon, onions, mushrooms, and cheese. And I was SHOCKED that the cheese was crappy American cheese. I suppose my bad for not asking and assuming that a French bakery that posts that most of their ingredients are imported from France would serve a quality cheese.
So if this were my first experience, I'd give them a three or less, but American "cheese" aside, it's usually a four to five star worthy place.
One of my favorite breakfast places!
$5 in & out. If your the person who's looking for every little spot to be washed away from your vehicle you might wanna get your ride detailed, that means take it elsewhere. This place is a self serve location. washes cars pretty good too so when I need a little clean between detailing this is a good spot. They have a whole role of vacuums on the side of the building (For those do it your selfers) and you can really get your whip looking so fresh and so clean.
Finding good Korean food in the Phoenix area = not easy, and this place is more than decent. I love the tofu soup and the kimchi/pork pancake, although both could be spicier. The dolsot bibimbap is also good and the kalbi well-seasoned.  Good selection of panchan each time I've come in.  I miss tabletop grilling, and the food is a little pricey for what you get, but definitely worth it!
I couldn't find anything bad to say about this place. The valets, front desk, restaurant staff were remarkable. So friendly and seemed to really wanted to ensure we had a nice stay. My boyfriend and I travel a lot of work and fun, so we're used to staying at some nice hotels, but after this experience, I'm considering upper moderate boutique hotels as an option moving forward. The gym had huge open floor to ceiling doors that opened up to the pool. It was so peaceful to workout in the am. Only bummer 2 out of 3 treadmills were out of order and my boyfriend who is training for a half marathon couldn't get on. The Distrito, a mex/latin restaurant in the hotel, was fantastic our first night. The menu was a little different but delicious, no waiting. Bummer though, we attended a food festival that had a VIP event catered, mexican food again, then at night, we wanted room service - and again mexican food was our only choice. Wish there were more options. We did get chinese delivery which made us happy. Overall, I would definitely recommend a stay. Trendy decor, rooms are neat and clean, nice soaps, and great service. Wish we could have stayed longer to enjoy the pool.
Went here because they were selling ground chuck for $1.99 a pound and wanted to stock up. Did notice the parking lot was packed so I thought it must be OK inside. WRONG! It said they were in the process of renovating the store so I let a few things slide. What really stuck out to me was the fact that the place seemed cluttered and unorganized. The butter was near the beer while the bread was all the way on the other side of the store. Also when the employees stand there and make  loud and nasty comments about customers that should tell you something right there.

I spoke to someone in customer service and they seemed unfazed, like oh well!! I know if someone was talking crap about my grandma I would be taking care of that issue myself. I do not shop at this chain and for good reason. Over priced and the stores always seem to be dirty. I suggest saving your money and going some where they really act like they want your business.
the steak tacos are very flavorful, the fish tacos flavorful, the onion rings pretty good, they offer some unique salsa. straight up good food.

the waiters/severs/bartenders are hit or miss. some have great personalities and some have very poor customer service or act snobby. gorgeous women work there but some seem antisocial. 

if you are from out of town dont happen to order water be warned this place does not have decent distilled or filtered water, and usually they don't care and will push thier 4 Dollar glass bottled water. 

awesome food, but customer service is inconsistent.  4 stars for the food, 2 stars for the customer service
Oh, That's a Wrap, how I love you. 

2002, my brother lived in Coronado before it was trendy to live there, and it was still somewhat frightening. He is kind of a granola type, and took me to That's a Wrap for lunch one day. It was absolutely fantastic. Healthy, clean, something for everyone, and high quality. Flash forward 8 years and the owner sells it to the manager and they move uptown. It's actually better than it ever was.

Now, TAW has a patio... a really awesome patio. They have the same menu with the same food, and now stock beer and wine. They didn't fuck that up either, as they are carrying Oskar Blues beers. If you don't want to drink, you can have a big cup of China Mist iced tea... unfamilar with China Mist? They are a local company who does phenomenal flavored (and thankfully unsweetened) iced teas. Good job TAW, get a beer and wine license and a patio, and you make me really happy. 

Now, as if all of that wasn't enough, the lady who manages it is so frickin nice it's crazy. She has a very cool attitude and is extremely helpful. 

If you're visiting for the first time, try the Prince of Thai's, Buffalo 66, or Godfather wraps, they are all great.
Woohoo is right!  We've been coming here for a couple of years and came on Sat night for my birthday. Upon arrival find that Christopher has finished his renovations and had a beautiful new dining room and best of all, a new space on an outdoor patio, complete with fountain and heaters, where we elected to dine. As usual, the food was outstanding and service good. We do find however, that we miss talking with Christopher during the meal, but understand that it's just not possible with all the new tables. We wouldn't go anywhere else for a special occasion or just when you want a special & intimate place,  and great food. Too many times you pay too much for just okay food, so it's a treat to get great food for a fair price. Do yourself a favor and try Monarch Cafe.....you'll love it as much as we do. 
Mike & Niki S.
Best outdoor bar in Tempe. Excellent atmosphere. Super friendly neighborhood. Such a great environment.
So excited that this place finally opened. It has been saying coming soon for quite some time now. Then I noticed the doors where finally open so over for lunch I came. My coworker who was with me chickened out and went next door to the corporate Chinese place. I am glad I decided to come here. It was really good.
The menu is pretty simple. Not that much on it and the prices are fairly reasonable. They have fish tacos, of course, and shrimp tacos. I decided to go with the Full Taco per the recommendation of the cashier. The Full Taco has fish and shrimp on a corn tortilla with a stuffed yellow pepper. The cheese in the pepper proceeds to melt all over the inside of the taco and makes it that much better.
Before you take you food to go or sit down to eat make sure you hit up the toppings bar. With all kinds of salsa and other goodies to jazz up your taco a little.
I also got fries and a drink. I did get two tacos which with the fries turned out to be more than enough. The total was $11 but with just one taco, fries and a drink I think it would be more in line with any other fast food place.
The fries are really good. They fry them in the batter and wow. It makes them so much better than your regular fries.
The restaurant is very clean and modern with TV screens of menu boards. The minor complaint is that the soda fountain is behind the counter. So they have to serve you your soda which slows things down just a little. But it is just a minor thing and not a big deal at all.
Since this place is so close to work and so good I will definitely be back. Probably regularly.
Excellent food in a fantastic venue. The menu isn't extensive, but the food is so good that it more than makes up for what some might see as a lack of variety. Perfect for those times when you get a craving for an amazing basket of nachos between bands (the next room over, in The Crescent Ballroom). Prices were reasonable too. I'm already contemplating what to order on my next visit.
My household loves Barro's Pizza, and this new location on Rural and Baseline is twice as big as its old location, they have more TV's for watching sports in the big room, a children's play area, video games and even a TV dedicated to kids programming. The pizza is excellent, we like to add extra sauce to our pizzas, YUM!!! It is the best in the neighborhood! (IMO)
Reasons you should eat here:

1 - You live in Tempe.
2 - You haven't had pho.
3 - You like pho.
4 - You are vegetarian and want to eat pho.
5 - You like bún.
6 - You like small restaurants where you'll get to know the owner.

When I used to live in Tempe I would go there often for pho, and I've introduced lots of my friends to pho for the first time here. Khai Hoan is home to the best pho you'll find in Tempe, hands down. So many places have opened up in the surrounding East Valley that Vietnamese is kind of becoming a PHOlooded market (ouch, that was rough), but I can say that it's got Tempe on lock without a doubt. The #5 is probably my favorite, but it might be a bit much for newbies, so go with the pho ga (chicken). Khai Hoan is also great because it is one of the few pho places, that I know of, that serve veggie pho (not in the pho section of the menu, but the veg section), and it is loaded with delicious vegetables! It's best to come during the evening if you want pho because the broth only gets better as the day goes on. Another great item on the menu is the bún. I feel that bún is way overlooked at Vietnamese places, but it's a great if you're not feeling soup; get it with the egg rolls on top! Lastly, the owner is awesome! I went in there so often that he basically already knew what I was going to order the second I walked in the door, and that's great service.
We stumbled upon Majerle's and I have to say, we were pleasantly surprised. Walking in I wasn't sure if the food would be good, looks like a fun place to have a drink and watch the game, but didn't seem like a place this picky eater would like. I have to say the food was fabulous, the BBQ chicken sandwich was amazing and the bun was soft and very tasty. Oh and the fries were shoestring and crispy - YUMMY. We'll be back! Thank you.
The music was awesome.

Everything else? So not my scene.

My BFF was in from Colorado, and since I'm missing her official bachelorette party, we decided to have a small one in Phoenix. I got her a flashy pin and garter from Fascinations, and we headed over to the Big Bang.

We had to wait in line behind some college kids who may or may not have had fake IDs -- it sure took the bouncers a long time to figure it out. Luckily, we were there early (9pm ish on a Saturday), so the line wasn't too horrible.  Cover was $3.  

It wasn't packed when we got it, but the only seats were at the long bars in the back.  It had looked like the was waitress service there, but after 10 minutes and no waitress, we headed to the bar for a drink.  Bartender was amusing.

The music, again, was great.  I can't imagine how difficult it must be to be able to go song to song to song like that.  However, it seemed almost impossible to get your requests in over the huge number (5 or 6?) of large bacherlorette and birthday parties with 10-15 people in them, and as we were just starting the night, this was definitely not fun for sober people.  I don't drink a lot, but even my 1 washington apple didn't increase the atmosphere. I think we left after an hour.

Good for drunk people, 21st birthdays, etc. Not good for people with a little class.
Beautiful Hotel!!!!

This was the first time I have ever been to this hotel and it was amazing just walking in. I came here for a conference so I cannot comment on the rooms or even the hotel staff. We dealt mostly with the company putting on the conference. The lunch provided was great as well as sectioning us off from the guest checking into the hotel.
I went back to this place a couple years later and a LOT has changed! The atmosphere is pretty cool, we sat outside. I didn't actually eat anything, but the drinks were pretty good. I really liked it mainly for the atmosphere, but I'll have to go back and try out some food. Glad I gave them a 2nd chance. This might become our new Saturday morning spot.
Will never eat here again.  My husband and I had a less than acceptable experience last time, so we thought we would give it another shot.  What a mistake!  This place is constantly understaffed, could it be that they expect you to be completely self sufficient with the computers at each table?  As for the food, the tongs in the raw chicken were slimy and I can only assume the slime is raw chicken!  It should be hard to complain about the food when the customer makes the dish, but mine was burned and I couldn't get the taste out of my mouth for hours.  The beer was room temperature at best, and we had to wait for silverware after our food came.  The wasabi sauce clearly has "Refrigerate after opening", not one of them was chilled.  The first bottle we were given was empty.  We were given a credit card bill without a pen.  Serious lack of management and training (not to mention staffing in general), they have permanently lost our business.
I went here with my best friend recently. Her fish was dried out and full of bones and the waitress acted incredibly rude and pious to us. I ordered a quesadilla, and it came in a little basket cut up and stacked, was incredibly thin and tiny, and tasted funky and gave me a bad aftertaste that lasted all night. We're never coming back to Tempe Markeplace, let alone King's Fish House.
Service wasn't that great, and the french toast wasn't really much more than literally toasted bread with no flavor.
This is a spacious, clean and  well organized Nordstrom Rack.  There are many bargains to be had although a lot of the merchandise looks like it is direct to the Rack instead of merchandise that arrived via the Nordstrom stores. 

The entire back portion of the store is shoes and unlike some Racks which only have one shoe out and you have to go and ask a clerk for the mate, this Rack has both shoes out. Some of the discounts were not as deep as I would have liked on the higher end labels, but they were still a bargain.
I have not been here is quite a while so I honestly do not know if anything has changed. This place is awesome. Its a great place to go for fun. For a date, out with friends/family, for exercise, and pretty much anything. i love how great you feel when you get to the top of the wall. They have easy areas for people like me, and hard areas for those that are more experienced. You do have to sign a waiver, which is pretty funny (you will die is the main point), but i did not find it to be deadly in the least. They have a video to teach you the right way to climb and then staff throughout to show and help you the whole time.
Came here on a Wednesday night to see Cage the Elephant. When we arrived (just before headliner) there was exactly one parking space that had apparently just opened up. Parking was $5. Carpooling seems to be a good idea. I was disappointed to find that when you buy tickets at the window there is a "$3-$5 service fee" whatever that means. For two of us the total was $56. We were then directed into a security line. Didn't know I was going to an international airport. We were asked to empty our pockets and then patted down. Then our ID's were scanned, and all pictures from the licenses of the 21+ are saved on their computer. Seriously, what?

Inside we went to the bar and our buddy asked what they had in the arena of cheap beer. The bartender said "Nothing." Turns out the cheap stuff is $6 for what looked like a 14oz cup, decent stuff is $7. Apparently now we're in L.A. Decided to wait on drinking until after the show.  

The actual theater is an arena style, standing-only, big cement floor that gradually slopes down towards the stage. The show was fine, sound was a little meh but seemed to improve throughout the night. I wish the most memorable part was the band, but instead we spent most of the time watching the power-trippy security team descend on their prey and kick out person after person. Put a big damper on the atmosphere. We've never been to a venue where security was even that noticeable, much less this overdone. In general the whole vibe of the place was something along the lines of "YOU MUST FOLLOW ALL OF OUR MANY RULES. FUN COMES LAST."

Yeah...we'll be sticking with Club Red.
Excellent and fast service during lunch hours. Over priced Mediocre food.
Great option for coffee in the area! They also serve food as well.
O.H.S.O. is working it. They've got a good selection of beers and that propagates Phoenix's beer revolution, and they're liberal with the samples, which is terrific. With the exception of the arepas, the menu is fairly standard pub fare. I don't recommend the arepas, though, or at least the tuna one. It just wasn't clicking.

O.H.S.O.'s best aspect is ambiance. With warm colors and wood accents, it feels like a nice, friendly pub you can bring your kids to. Considering the other options for decent beer selections around central Phoenix, O.H.S.O. isn't perfect, but it might be the best short of a drive to Papago.

Also, Arizona's beer culture is picking up, but it is just not there yet. I appreciate O.H.S.O.'s dedication to local brewers, but they'd be better off reaching into California/Oregon/Colorado than hosting a bunch of mediocre Fretzky's taps. Or at least some of Four Peaks better stuff...
Dr. Albert is my go-to doctor for health care. I have been a patient for 13 years and he has helped me with everything from relieving neck and back pain to knee pain. When I suddenly developed Bell's Palsy, the hospital wanted to give me cortisone, I called Dr. Albert before I did that and asked him if he could treat me, he absolutely cured my Bell's Palsy in 3 weeks with acupuncture treatments. I don't hesitate to recommend this caring healer and have to many friend..
Super friendly staff! Took my son (15 yr old) got in quick, very professional, spotless & modern office in old town.  Can't go wrong coming here!
Cracker Barrel serves old fashioned comfort food and sells old fashioned candy and toys in its attached gift shop.   Both are a treat.  They are well known for their chicken and dumplings - you can order them as an entree or as one of the two or three vegetables you get with your entree.  I always order as an entree because they are so good.   Green beans are also good - and on Thursdays sweet potato casserole is one of the many vegetable choices.   The gift shops sells pretty much every old time candy you can think of - this time I bought Clove gum and Mallomars.   We also found old fashioned toys like balloon-powered trains.   All in all, it's fun to eat and shop there.  My only complaint is that they only serve the sweet potato casserole once a week!
I'm from out of town and my friends and I decided to come here. We came on a Sunday and wow, the area around Thai'd up is DEAD. I'm from Seattle and downtown Phoenix is like a ghost town! My best friend (who currently lives in Phoenix) said this place was good, but I'd give it an "A-OK' or an "ehh" rating. Not horrible but not amazing!

The good:
The Thai Iced tea was yummy! The bathroom was clean and sanitary. T

What could improve
The waiter, who was very friendly, was hard to communicate with. There must have been a very hard language barrier because my friends and I repeated ourselves multiple times. I had to remind him of the rice I ordered. Also, my friend's soda was very very bland! Too much carbonation and not as much flavor. My Chicken pad thai was okay, not great but not horrible. At least they made it with the least spiciness rating like I requested.

All in all, this place is just okay. I don't know if Thai food is pretty well represented in Phoenix, but hopefully there are other Thai places in the area I could check out if I visit again.
BBQ CHICKEN PIZZA IS AMAZING!!!!!
Pazookie is always yummmmy too!
Pretty good. Looked it up on Google Local. Only one size. Recommend at least once. Also, the shrimp, rice paper roll is really good (A1). You should try it.
Yasu continues to deliver all these years... my very favorite place for sushi and sumibiyaki.  What you should not pass up at Yasu:
Red Roll
Premium Spicy Tuna Roll
the Lamb
Bacon wrapped Scallops

I am not big into lamb, but this lamb is amazing!  It is prepared over a charcoal fire called sumibiyaki.  You can also smell it burning in the parking lot and the smell alone is enough to drive you nuts.  I did not know what sumibiyaki was prior to visiting Yasu.  It is grilled food prepared over high end Japanese charcoal called binchotan. (Who knew?!)  There is a whole menu prepared this way and I think everyone needs to try it.  

The Premium Spicy Tuna Roll is like no other I have ever had before.  I dream of the heat and texture that just melts in your mouth, making you wish there were more than 5 pieces.  The glory of sushi is you can always just order more and nobody thinks you are a piggy... it's expected. 

Yasu is a nice quaint restaurant perfect for a date or gathering with good friends, seating is intimate and the staff is attentive and friendly.  I think I need to make eating here a weekly event.
I've eaten at this Blue 32 a few times now.  Both locations are clean and have plenty of TV's at every possible viewing angle.  Our service was fast and Megan was very nice and attentive.  My chicken, bacon and avocado sandwich was particularly tasty.  I've also had the salads and they are always fresh and plentiful.  Definitely going back soon.
Great prices and convenient location
I have been an Old Chicago fan since the late 80s. The decor is nice, the selection of beer is always good and the food is great. 

Oh, and the service is always excellent.
I must be on my burger kick again. I had one Saturday and again today. 

Lennys is cool but I am always disappointed. The burgers are just too thin. The flavor is there, everything is fresh, the frys are good. 

Maybe I should get a double from now on.
After spending a week and untold thousands of dollars at the Fairmont Scottsdale Princess I was ready to camp out at the Valley Ho. Staying there had been one of my ambitions and now it is one of my addictions. 

I had a second floor Signature Guest Room that boasts a nice balcony with a comfy chez lounge. My room was spotless and the bathroom immaculate--I tried unsuccessfully to find some shortcoming just for the sport of it and couldn't. In fact if forced the only thing I could complain about is that the waffle robes didn't have pockets though if I had asked they probably would have sewn some on for me. Oh, also they charge for Wi-Fi which seems petty. 

I had eaten at Zulu's previously and both occasions were great.  

I can't overstate how beautiful this mid-century modern complex this is. The landscaping is simple but perfect with green lawns punctuated with Orange trees to match the curtains on the cabanas. And as dusk falls the clear desert sky forms a magical backdrop for the Hotel's tower. 
Some will disagree but parking your car just a few feet away from your room and getting your own ice makes a hotel stay easier especially for the introverted among us. It's the perfect place to consider if one is flirting with a nervous breakdown.
I love Someburros! They have my favorite salsa in the world! All the workers are extremely friendly and the service has been great. My family and I have been going for years. It is a nice family owned restaurant and you can't go wrong with one of their burritos!
this review is for the BAR not the nightclub. 

I purchased two drinks worth $10 each, and i gave 3 dollar tip. I awake the next morning to see text messages from my bank saying i was low in funds and near overdrawing. I was confused because I had ample funds the previous day. I check my statement and see my account has been charged $100 by the idiot bartenders trying to slick out ppls hard earned money... 

so basically, word of advice is bring cash, and check your accounts the next day because these fools have nothing better to do than to rip folksk off.. FAIL
My cousins and I eat out often and have eaten at Los Dos in many of the locations over the years so decided to go to the new one on Camelback.  Bad mistake.  Walk in the place is a din of noise.  We were seated promptly four of us, one menu.  Took forever for a waiter to return with , one more menu.  Finally the waiter returns took our order and service was pretty quick for the food to get to us.  I had posole which actually was tasty but would have been a lot better if it had been hot, it was just luke warm.  No time did our waiter ever return to fill ice tea glasses, and finally when we were  done he did return and fortunately did not ask how it was.  We had to ask twice for a carry home box.  The salsa of Los Dos is gone replaced by some gringo salsa.  The food is fair not great.  The service terrible.  Ambiance great.  Noise level high.  Worth trying again....nope.  Many people at different tables were complaining of getting no service.  I will await to see what moves in here because Los Dos is not long for this world at this location.
My daughter and I went here after seeing they participate in the Upromise dining program.  The pizza was fantastic!  So happy we found this place.  The healthy choice, cheeseless pizza with lots of veggies was delicious.  They even have gluten free crust.  My daughter had a serious cheese slice and she loved it.  And, the prices are reasonable.
These guys totally made my day! I had a flat tire that they fixed for free. I waited less than 30 minutes (I thought it would be longer since there were 7 other people there) and I didn't need to make a reservation. Sure, they tried to talking me in to buying new tires; but since I knew I didn't need them, I just told them I would think about it.
Didn't actually play here. We tried to, the pro was a jerk and service was terrible. Save the hassle and go play Coronado down the street. Same dive golf course, friendlier, and cheaper too
I recommend this place to everyone! Ive been to ALOT of nail salons all around town and this is by far my favorite. The very first thing I noticed was the beautiful decor and set up. Most nail salons attempt to make a "spa" or "ocean" type atmosphere and then throw in a few pictures of some ladies nails from 1985, comes out very tacky! This place is not like that at all. It gives a very modern trendy clean feminine look, with decor that I want in my own home! 2nd thing I loved about this place that ive never seen anywhere else, is all of the utensils they use on you are straight out of a single use sanitized package. Every other place ive been to will just pull a nail clipper or any other dirty tool out of some dirty cup thats been sitting at the station used on every body else. The manager is always out and about talking to all the customers. He is very friendly and keeping up on new ways to improve the salon. All the employees there are all very friendly and take care of you as soon as you walk in the door. I see so many of the same customer faces when i am in there, so I know other people love it too! The prices are great! I love their express pedicure! its all the important stuff of a pedicure crunched into less than 15 minutes and super cheap! Great for people like me who never have time to sit and let my feet soak but still want my toes to look great!  This place sets the bar so much higher for nail salons! Once you go here you wont want to go anywhere else!
I enjoy hanging out on the patio at this place. Diverse crowd, cheap drinks, always something going on. I don't live in Tempe, so I don't hit this place very often, but I always enjoy myself when I do.
Matt's Big Breakfast is a great place to have well... breakfast. The new location is great, although I wish that they could have added a few more tables.

There is one thing that I hate...Lines. Seriously. I would rather have a reservation. But I hate lines. especially in 100 degrees. 

Matt's would get a 5 star, except for the lines. It is a great place for breakfast, and I still highly recommend it. ( I always go for a special.... something new...something different).

Their honey lemonade is awesome :)
Still get 5 stars. Went back again yesterday for some of that Poutine. Glllrrrbbbl. Had a hard time coming up for air once I started eating. Susan had 6 perogies and enjoyed. We love this place. They are planning to move in January or February to a new location in Mesa. Fortunately, they will be even closer to us :)

We really need to take some of our kids there so they can sample some of this Scandinavian/Canadian cuisine. Not cheap, but you get what you pay for. You can't find this stuff on Denny's menu (or any other local restaurant?).

Beaver Balls are next on my list to try.
My husband and I and his parents took this tour for my husband's birthday, we all had an awesome time!  Marlene was a wonderful tour guide and Jessica added all of her food knowledge of the restaurants we were visiting.

Our first stop was the Ghost Lounge that is filled with history, very interesting.  Then we went onto Hanny's that was also filled with some wonderful stories.  Next was 1130 in the Arizona Center where were were served the "Best Mojitos in the Valley".  We finished off at My Big Fat Greek with flaming cheese, gyro meat and baklava!  Ate each establishment, we had someone from the restaurant explain what were eating and a little about their place.

What a treat and we certainly were stuffed when we were done.  We also took advangage of the alcohol sampling which was well worth it.  The weather was perfect, the pace was just right and we all wad a wonderful time!
Service: HORRIBLE. 
We had a reservation and they made us wait for 25 min. They did not have the courtesy of apologizing for making us wait. Trust me it was not a pleasure waiting with two kids. The owner was not at all friendly. 
Food: Good. 
But you will have to pay me to go back there. Never stepping in there again.
Usually a big fan but very disappointed in this location. I am familar with their training staff to greet/say hello to EVERYONE, but this can get annoying when one is not even making eye contact with you. It was FREEZING inside the restaurant and even at the outside bar. Initial greet at bar was pleasant but name was never given. Once we ordered bartender really never noticed us again. I was going to ask about temperature but couldn't catch her eye. Saw one patron go get a coat from her car, which I was forced to do as well. 2nd shift came on and proceeded to talk about her school problems at loud volume for an extended period of time, then changed into her work shirt BEHIND THE BAR. Everyone seemed preoccupied with the obvious regulars at the end  of the bar. food was good as usual.
I remember coming to this place many years ago and totally loving it.  I recently went back and it was just OK.   I had the pulled pork sandwich and it wasn't very tender and covered in sauce (albeit very good sauce) and onions string as a side.   The onion strings looked really greasy, but once I tried them they were pretty tasty and crunchy.

I'll go back because there are so few dining options in this area of the Valley.
So there was a time when I had no idea who or what Jimmy John's was. I mean unless you're from the midwest or somewhere central I doubt coasters and those of us in between had ever heard of this awesome sub place. I'd like to think my encounter with Jimmy John's was fate... although through unusual circumstances, a story for another time ;-) my first try was a complimentary sample by a certain gentleman... well the thing is i kind of forgot his name... oops! That first time... I got to try the #5 Vito. It was a mouthful, he never told me it was that big, and so thick but my first bite into it I handled it like a champ, and I just kept on eating it and swallowing until it was all done, I was satisfied, and afterwards I made a mental note that I would return because I was craving more. 

I've only had two menu items and that's the #5 and the #11 both delicious creations, I can't explain the bread, it's a white sub but it's really good. They don't toast it, I like the contrast of a cold loaf with a hot filling... in the end it's a good feeling. And the times they are open make them especially awesome! Phoenix now has become a late night city with a little more places open past 10p and I love Jimmy John's for that, now after a late night on mill ave and kinda buzzed from the tavern... I have choices other than the mill staples of Slices, the hot dog place, well basically the stretch of late night food places on 6th ave. Now I can walk to Jimmy's and grab a yum sub! So love ya and yes I'm a fan... thanks my mr.-stery  encounter for introducing me to Jimmy's... and I'll see ya again Jimmy John's for my #5!
Live guacamole (YUMMMM), house margaritas are simply awesome. We really enjoy going to this place with friends and hanging out over a couple of drinks and tasty food choices on the menu.

For Vegetarians- their veg fajita,  avocado enchiladas(less cheesy) and spinach mushrooms  enchilada (more cheesey) are great among other things. Strictly vegetarians must ask for cilantro lime rice coz it does not have chicken stock and for black beans because the refried beans usually at all places including here have pork loin.

Enjoy!!
First I have to say this is a BREAKFAST review, so I can't say I have anything but promise for a good lunch or dinner.
Honey and I spent the night at the Valley Ho and sauntered down for breakfast around 9am on a Sunday. We were seated in a super swank booth immediately and had ice water and coffee within seconds of being seated. BONUS. Their silverware and coffee cups are so in tune with the whole VH scene, it just makes you feel...well, special. I wanted to steal the cute little teaspoons, but my Catholic guilt prevailed, as always.
I ordered the banana buttermilk pancakes (a sucker for dessert for breakfast) and Honey got the Denver omelet. We perused the NY Times, had a refill of pretty good coffee (we are coffee snobs) before our food arrived which, in my assessment, was the perfect amount of time.
 My pancakes were so pretty and seemed as happy to see me as I them. Outer edges thin and crispy, sliced bananas on top and...wait for it...a banana puree between each flapjack. OMG. Every bite was better than the last and I barely used half my ration of syrup as it seemed sacrilegious to mess with the medley of buttermilk and bananas in any way other than to fork it into my cakehole. 
Honey's omelet was so vibrant looking which yes, is bizarre for an egged-up entree. But it was. The veggies were crisp tender and accounted for most of the ROYGBIV you'd want on a plate. Also the perfect balance of ham and cheese and served with yummy potatoes and lightly toasted sourdough. 
All in all, we were very pleased and felt it was appropriate to return to our hotel room and nap off our fabulous start to the day.
P.S. Dear Jesse T: ROYGBIV equates to all the colors of the rainbow. Beautiful work!
Ok I don't like to give places 5 stars often, especially on my first time at a restaurant, but Upper Deck/Blitz was great place to watch the UofA game. I was surprised to see so many Wildcat fans at the bar.  I've heard that Blitz host the young alumni club view parties but never had a chance to come.  Seeing there is a battle with the Pac 12 network Direct TV so I found myself searching for a place to watch the game.   

I've heard that this place gets real busy.  We arrived half way though the 1st quarter of the game and we were lucky to get a table near the big screen and had a perfect view of the game.  

We had wings which were excellent ad a few pitchers of beer. Best thing we got our bill and saw that Yelp had a special for $30 for a $50 tab. So I ordered it on my phone and decided to have another beer each and more wings. Great price and when I checked in Yelp had offered us free house shots!  Awesome deal and thank you Yelp!

Overall great service, got a seat in front of the big screen, they play dance music on commercials and during half time, and have a lot of chanting. They even play Bear Down after a score and on a good play!   I go to at least half of the season down in Tucson for the football games and this it the next best thing to the real game at the stadium!!

I will be back here for my Wildcat games! Excellent price with the help of Yelp and great atmosphere for a big game!!!
A WALL of beer with brands you can't live without, i.e. Ska brewery, Green Flash, Leinenkugels, with a A+ beer manager named James who knows MORE than you'll ever need to know about  beer!!  check them out for sure...
I have been visiting this Yankee Candle store over the past nine months.  I have had significant excellent service, always greeted with a friendly smile. The store is always over crowded, but the staff finds the time to make me feel like I am important. The store is clean, and well displayed.  Although I haven't been there in about a month, my favorite scents are the fall candles.  Time for another visit.
Another great coffee shop :) 

This one is perched amidst the fields of Agritopia, and the building itself is actually an old tractor shed. Once more, a "Joe's" project that has a retro/modern industrial feel. 

The dining room has a nice amount of tables and chairs and there is a sitting room at the back with some comfy couches and coffee tables - definitely a cozy spot. The large patio is lovely when the weather is right and the surrounding foliage keeps it from befalling the "parking lot effect" that so many Arizona patios face (parking lot effect definition: a great patio that is spoiled by a view of parked cars, smells of exhaust, and sounds of traffic - those things the Coffee Shop is NOT, thank goodness) 

They have an awesome bakery counter (My favorite thing!) Try to get there in the morning for some DELICIOUS muffins, which are shaped like little loaves instead of like traditional muffins. I always try to find random seasonal flavors that aren't always there - the best one I've had was a strawberry lemon poppyseed muffin - to die for! Also high marks to the cinnamon roll, a peanut butter chocolate scone, and any of the cupcakes. The cookies and whoopie pies are hit and miss - they look adorable but don't quite stand up to the other offerings. 

The food-food is also great - again, my preference is breakfast and we always share the Papas Breakfast Burrito (with eggs, bacon, potatoes, and salsa) as it is HUGE and definitely large enough for two, particularly if you're also getting a pastry. I've tried the Turkey Cranberry sandwich at lunchtime and it was tasty as well. 

I have not actually had their coffee, but my sister and grandmother, who are both connoisseurs, swear by it so I feel comfortable recommending that as well. As for me, I'm usually ordering a big glass of fresh OJ. 

I wish that they were open later (they close at 8 or 9pm most nights, 4pm on Sundays) - its the type of place I often think of for a late night snack and coffee once I've put the little one to bed and I'm always disappointed to remember they're already closed!

Lastly, as of my last visit with my son they did NOT have a changing table in the women's bathroom. Considering the large numbers of families/moms who frequent the shop, it really seems like a given and I was a bit shocked that they didn't have one - I ended up toting my son and what was left of my meal out to my SUV to change his diaper in the back, which doesn't exactly match up to the serene coffee shop experience I'm planning on when I come out to the Coffee Shop :)
*** I"m not a local... ***

I was walking around looking for a place to grab dinner. Oh, I'm here in Phoenix in the middle of the week and there's hardly anyone here where I am. But the waitor said that it generally gets busy during the weekend. Anyhow, I was trying to find something healthy to eat. Choices were sushi, Johnny Rocket, Cold Stone, and some other places. Which Wich kind of looked interesting and I thought it would be healthier since it won't be deep fried.

The cashier was really cool. I told her that I wasn't from the area and asked for suggestions. She told me about the "Wicked" but I told her that it had too much meat. Her second fav was #7 which was the Grinder.

I asked her how Which Wich is different from Subway. She said that subway toasted their bread and Which Wich toasted it half way and after preparing the sandwich, they toast it. I guess you can say it's a combo of Subway and Quizno's.

Anyhow, the sandwich was... ok. it wasn't like a WOW, if I ever visit Phoenix I must come back. It was just ok. The environment was pretty nice although it was pretty much vacant. The whole shopping area was pretty much vacant. Anyhow, the service was pretty good. The cashier was very kind and helpful. The cost of my sandwich, bag of chips, and a drink cost about $8.50. Oh, another plus, per the cashier, you can bring Which Wich sandwiches into the AMC theatre.

Btw, Which Wich has their own potato chips. I tried one, but didn't care too much for it.

Enjoy!
From Tucson but I had a chance to stop in and get some training done while visiting the Phoenix area.The facility was spectacular,plenty of room to train in just about any Martial Arts,the staff were very friendly and the place was very up to date and clean.The instructors were "WORLD CLASS"!from pros to weekend warriors,I  highly recommend to anyone visiting the phoenix area. -NINJA TUCSONBJJ (WORLD BJJ COMPETTITOR 2008,2011 IBJJ MEDALIST 2009 &2010
The owner is a cute, older hispanic woman.  My favorite line was, "Who is this Mr. Yelp that keeps sending people here?"

It's a one-woman shop.  She was running back and forth between the register, kitchen and patrons serving food and taking orders.

Maybe the best tacos I've ever had.  Very fresh ingredients.  Everything is homemade.
I'm reluctant to write a good review, because I don't want this already popular place getting raided by douchery. But, simply put, TT Roadhouse is awesome. They always have good stuff playing on the tv (tits and zombies anyone?), good beer on tap and an eclectic mix of people. Throw in a good jukebox, and you have a recipe for an excellent dive bar in South Scottsdale.
My husband and I ate here Saturday night, using a Groupon I'd recently purchased. We enjoyed the open atmosphere and great service, and we were entertained by what appeared to be a large wedding or graduation party. Despite the fact that their kitchen had to have been extremely busy with such a large group, our meal was absolutely delicious! I had the portabella mushroom dish, and my husband had penne pasta with chicken - both excellent and a pleasant surprise! Yes, a little pricey, but definitely worth it. We'll be back!
Lets start with the drinks, shall we. After all, it was "miss katie's pimms cup" that lured me here, being vegan, food choice has become an after thought. 
My drink, miss katie's pimms cup (pimm's #1, ketel one vodka, 
muddled cucumber, ginger and sprite) was amazing. So refreshing, not too sweet, subtlety of cucumber and ginger, I could have drank these all night and it would have been worthy of 5 stars, but a girls gotta eat!

After I read the menu, and not only saw but smelled the delicious food coming out of the kitchen, I actually felt guilty for being Vegan. I too wanted to enjoy one of those mouthwatering meals. 

However, Chef Justin had no qualms about catering to my needs. I was informed he was preparing something special for me. I do Love surprises. 

It was quite a treat to have something so artfully presented to me. (see pics) 
Not only was my dish Beautiful it was Delicious! It tasted of the same care that the signature dishes on the menu were made of. 
It really says a lot about Chef Justins level of customer care that he went out of his way to prepare me something that was not just a bunch of sides thrown together on a plate. It was a well thought out dish from presentation to flavors. It was my pleasure to meet Chef Justin last night  and I can't thank him enough. 

My husband had the Short Ribs (see pics), which he'll attest, were amazing, as well as the Fig and Pecan Pie (darn, no pic) that blew him away. 
All put together with stellar service form Cort our server, it was a Wonderful evening that we will look forward to enjoying again and again.

P.S.
I hear they will be adding  daily Vegan/Vegetarian/GF options to their menu by the new year. I cannot wait!
Super cool place to grab drinks with friends.  The bar is very cozy and has a log cabin sort of feel inside.  Awesome game room in the back with foosball, skeeball, etc.
Loved it!  Wonderful place, love the outdoor seating.  Great drinks!!! The bartender knows how to make cocktails in perfect balance!  I went there on a Sunday night....very sleep town Phoenix is.  I am from CA our bars are full most nights.  However this did give us some personal time outside in a secluded area well heated, wonderful music and plush.  I will go again on a Fri and Sat night next time I'm in Phoenix.
FOOD: After several nights of liberal boozing at Rula Bula, I just ate here for the first time today. The fish and chips are amazing!! Not only is the cod great, but the chips are the best I've ever had. The menu offers other popular Irish courses, too. The beer selection isn't the greatest, but they do have a couple good choices. 

PRICE: The dishes are decently priced, but the beer is relatively expensive. A pint was $5.50. 

ATMOSPHERE: This place is covered in wood on the inside, giving it that authentic pub ambiance. But at this time of year (spring), you gotta eat outside under an umbrella in the courtyard out back. It doesn't get much better than eating delicious fish and chips, sipping on a pint of brew in warm weather with friends. At night, it can be a fun, lively place to party. On the weekends, not sure which night, they have live bands playing. Cover will be $2 on these nights. 

SERVICE: Great staff

SKINNY: Rula Bula is a double threat! I've been having great times at Rula Bula at night, and just had an even better time chowing down during the day. Best fish and chips in Tempe. Decent bar with great atmosphere. I'm making this my fish and chips haven!

Here's to a long life and a merry one.
A quick death and an easy one.
A pretty girl and an honest one.
A cold beer--and another one!
I had the trainee waitress. Yay me. I wasn't a regular so I was more or less ignored. Fish and chips were mediocre at best, was hoping for more. All waitresses were easy on the eyes so that's a bonus..
Zero stars.

- Terrible food, mostly canned or pre-processed garbage
- Service was pitiful.  Staff was extremely rude and disrespectful to the customers
- Atmosphere was depressing.  Dark, dingy, smelly, uncomfortable

My biggest gripe is with management.  They offer happy hour specials, but do not clearly tell you which sections of the restaurant apply to happy hour.  As such, we were overcharged for our meal, and they were not willing to discuss the misunderstanding.

Clyde, the "manager" is pathetic.  He has no authority or power to manage the restaurant.  I'm not sure why the owners would employ a manager who doesn't respect customers, but I can see why they have not given any decision-making authority to this hapless schmuck.

Under no circumstances should you go to Richardsons.  Best case scenario, you eat overpriced, low-end slop in a depressing setting.  Worst case scenario, they'll steal your money and give you food poisoning.
Nummy num num

One of the best Korean restaurants in the Valley.  In a somewhat seedy area, but you're in for a treat once you make it past the tattoo parlor and the rough looking guy staring folks down outside.

They serve kimchee sides with meals as you find in real Korean eateries-- all very good.  Kalbi and bulgogi dishes are tasty and flavorful.  Service is very pleasant, as well.  

Cafe GH reminds of the small Korean restaurants in Chicago and LA.  May just want to keep an eye on your car while you eat.

Tip: You can hit Seoul Market across the intersection to stock up after eating.  Good prices on basics.  Best kimchee selection we've found in Phoenix.
Does anybody know how to eat chicken feet?  This is my second time going to Phoenix Palace and everytime they offer me the chicken feet, I always decline. Not because of way they might taste, but i don't know what part of the foot to eat!  We'll i ask some of my coworkers who have tried it and filled me in on how to eat those suckers!
I love this place because they have a good amount of dim sum dishes you can try.  I usually go for the gai lan (chinese broccoli w/ oyster sauce) and the chow mein, which they give a very small portion.  But all things i have tried are great.  Other dim sum places are great but i tend to order alot of things that it's kinda pricey after picking too much stuff.  The reason i like this place is it's a little cheaper then the others places nearby.  And the staff a very friendly on letting you know what the dim sum varieties are.  Great Place!
We had a family emergency in phoenix. I have always used Holiday Inn for my travel lodging since I travel for business so much. I am one of their preferred platinum members and over the course of the past year I have accumulated a lot of reward points. I figured that I would use my reward for one night free while staying in phoenix this time to off set some additional expenses we might have. 
I arrived late that night to check in, I am told that the only suite left is on the second floor so I take this. I was told that my room was around the back ( second bldg closest the the  free way. I pull around into the parking which was packed, parked rather far from the door and began my search for my room ( no maps avail or offered) I look at the building and it is shaped like the letter U. Hmmm. Second bldg closest the the free way would mean in the middle. After searching for a bit I concluded that I was given the wrong directions. It was in fact the last bldg (next to the hwy ) and the room was on the interior wall of that bldg. Ok so now I am a bit annoyed. I go back out for the rest of my luggage and receive a phone call while getting my things out of the car. The phone call was from a family member reporting on the emergency we were having. While I am on the phone two security people decide it wise to approach my vehicle and insist that I roll down the window and tell them if I am a hotel guest and if so which room am I in. ( I guess the lugage in the back wasn't a clue enough nor the fact that I was upset with a phone to my ear. After concluding the call I take the rest of my luggage in. I might add that the entrence to my room involved an exterior entrance gate ( with broken handle) going down an external hall, waiting for the smallest elevator on earth to come down and finally arriving at my room. 

The interior of the room was "OLD" but clean. The doors were in ill repair and in need of replacement. The interior is not up to date which the standard Holiday Inn's that I have stayed at the past year. The only exception to this the bed which Is very comfortable. Drapes, furniture and room decor need updating to new Holiday Inn specs.

The second day of our stay we returned to be locked out of our room. On check in I had used a reward for one night and paid for the second. OOPS someone forgot to tell me that I would have to "re check in"??? This was really handy with my husband arriving the next day waiting in front of the external gate, hands full of luggage trying to get in. We had to repack the car with his luggage and return to check in. WHen I asked " why wasn't I told this" the young man that checked me in the night before proceeded to argue that he had. I advised him this was not the case or I would have done this before I had left that morning. He still insisted he was right and I was wrong. Annoyed i proceeded to Re Check in. The lady which heard the entire conversation then proceeded to ask me again for ID and credit card even though the young man said he checked me in the night before, even though he told her that he knew who I was and what room I was in, even though I had two room keys and confirmed the room that they belonged to and even though my credit card was on file. 

Second morning, my husband gets up wondering where the paper is. As premier members we are supposed to receive a paper in the AM. He goes to the front desk to inquire. AT 7 AM in the morning on a Sunday he was told that they didn't have any and that he could run down to circle K to get one. 

THE WORST HOLIDAY INN EXPERIENCE EVER. THANK YOU FOR MAKING OUR FAMILY EMERGENCY THAT MUCH MORE STRESSFUL.
This is my favorite restaurant.  When we visit AZ, I will go back for another visit.
I took my gf here before a Suns game. The server was very knowledgeable.  The cheese plate was great but a bit pricey.  Some salad w/ fruit and boiled chicken was tasty according to the princess. Bleu cheese mac n cheese was amazing. Go eat here tonight.
Recently stayed at the Wigwam during our vacation to see some Spring Training Baseball. Although the resort is a five star I was not impressed with the rooms. I could have stayed at the Springhill Suites for half the price with the same size room. The rooms were also out dated and are in need of a makeover. Next time I visit Arizona I will select a different hotel.
Clean,comfortable, very friendly staff.  Lots of Tv's everywhere. Rooms are quiet and well appointed.  Nice free breakfast, yummy cookies at the 24 hour cafe.  I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again.  Wow.
We have eaten here before and its one of my girlfriends favorite places and even though I am gluten free, I have always been able to manage in the past even though they don't have a "gluten free" menu.  It was a friday night and we didnt have to wait to be seated which was amazing.  Our server however was very poor.  When i asked her about a gluten free menu (it had been over a year since i had been here so i figured i would ask just in case) - she replied with "we dont have anything gluten free" .  I rephrased the question.. No we dont have anything gluten free.. I asked.. Salad? She replied oh yeah i guess that is gluten free.. so anyways.. I have been gluten free for a couple years now so i can pick out things i know i can eat and what i cant.  I ended up ordering.. Salad - no croutons please... of course, the salad came out with croutons... i sent it back asking for one without.  
Wings came out after entrees... 
food was mediocre at best.  
Just really not what i have come to expect.
Two visits in one week (last week)! Big servings, quick and friendly staff, cozy atmosphere. The price is great, too.

If you like coconut dishes, check out the Red Thai Curry with Chicken.
I like this place more and more everytime I go. They send lots of email coupons for buy one get one free meals which makes it even tastier! I am updating because I had the sweet potatoe fries! They were amazing and I love the dipping sauce they bring for them. I always feel like I get my money worth here because the portions are so huge that I get two meals out of the bowls. I get to enjoy the meal again the next day for lunch! I tried the fish recently as well. It was good. I was trying to eat healthier so I gave it a go. The seasoning was really good and they let me get the coconut flavored rice and beans with it which is always very tasty.
Love the happy hour drinks, the dark bar and the smoking patio.... and would of given more stars, but yesterday I spent $32 on take out food (ps the menu prices in house are actually higher then those listed on the website- naughty naughty) and recieved an almost $13 steak sandwich with roughly 5 quarter-sized pieces of bland steak, and entire onion and no flavor what so ever. I put the blue cheese on the side so I could have a chance to actually taste the steak only to discover there is a reason there is an over-poweringly flavored spread on the sammy.  Then the fries were soggy and gross.  The chicken tenders were good, battered with their fish and chip batter and the mustard they came with was delicious, but $10 for a chicken tender appetizer.... ouch.  The bread pudding was good, but the one at Famous Dave's is way better, and really, a BBQ joint beating out an Irish pub in the race for the best bread pudding? WTF.  So I guess what Im saying, is if you plan on dinning at Fibber's, skip the menu, get the fish and chips and just get hammered on the patio.  Under no circumstance, order a to-go dinner of much anything else on the menu. Also, I must throw in, I do go here quite a bit, and the wait staff, the music and the people always rock and I always have a good time.  Love the bar staff, love the tap choices, I'll just eat before I go.
I took my little car here because I've gone through 2 antennae losses while taking my car to other car washes...and replacing my antenna is NOT cheap.

I searched for hand car washes in my area...and came up with this place. I do like it a lot. The only thing that makes me dock it a star is the fact that they advertised a car wash for $17.99 but was charged $18.00 on my card. I asked the guy and he said, "It's 18." Then they need to state that. It's a difference of a penny, but I know for some people it really is something they will fight you over. I won't, but I think it's a bit of false advertising.  Had to get that out there in case anyone decides to ever come here.

I do like car wash -- absolutely ZERO auto car wash thing where they rinse and then wipe down, claiming it to be all hand washing. Nope, not this place.  They actually washed the car down with a hose and everything was done...by hand! They actually lived up to the hype!  WOOT!

So when I got the car back, I nearly wept...it was so beautiful...almost as if I had first purchased the car -- minus the dings on the door thanks to inconsiderate people who just park too close to me and fling their car door open (what's up with that, btw?).

I'd recommend this place, but if the price says $9.99/$17.99/$34.99 and they charge you 10/18/35, make sure to speak up and let them know it's not cool (if you feel it isn't).

Check it out, you won't be disappointed.
Quick and inexpensive.    Their fish tacos aren't something to right home about, but I highly recommend trying their shrimp tacos or machaca burro.   Staff is friendly and keeps the restaurant clean.
Ice chai latte is to die for! Got two large ice drinks for 7 bucks.
Five stars for the chef,
The bartender, five more.
And five for the mezuzah
hanging next to the door.

No, I'm not Jewish
But know of their ways.
So as long as I'm here
I'm out of harm's way.

So I drink your tequila
all one hundred brands
till you ask me to leave
then mezuzah be damned.

I'm now in harm's way
No mezuzah, unsafe.
And what of St. Christopher
who hangs from my neck?
Well where was he
only moments ago
when I stood up too fast 
and back down I did go?

So they pack up my pork and my chips and my bread
to send me off packing where soon I'll find dread
from tequila and pork, and guacamole with berries.
And from this girl at the bar who I now know is married.

Barrio, I dedicate this plagiarized passage to your 120 brands of tequila.

Tequila, scorpion honey, harsh dew of the doglands, essence of Aztec, crema de cacti; tequila, oily and thermal like the sun in solution; tequila, liquid geometry of passion; Tequila, the buzzard god who copulates in mid-air with the
ascending souls of dying virgins; tequila, firebug in the house of good taste; O tequila, savage water of sorcery, what confusion and mischief your sly, rebellious drops do generate!
Without doubt, it was the tequila that made Bernard impatient, that befuddled him into mistaking the UFO conference for the Geo-Therapy Care Fest."

Oh please let me in
I promise to be good.
Not tell dirty jokes
Or make fun of your hood
As I sit at the bar 
and play nice, oh I will.
Eating all of my food
as I lay off the swill.

WIth love.
if you live in tempe, this has to be a staple to your menu. good, fat sandwiches on thick slices of toasted bread.
always have new england chowder - and you get the bread bowl even if you get it to go, very nice.
i had the greek salad and thought it was kind of bad. but other than that, this place is killer.
usually super packed during lunch time because of proximity to ASU, and parking can be a pain during those time.
Another Yelp Twilight Zone episode. My good friend and I look on Yelp to find a new Chinese restaurant to eat at and decide to try Dragon Palace based on these ratings, but this place is nowhere near as good as it's rated here. We were enthusiastic when we entered and felt like we walked into 1968--the interior is very retro kitsch. But looking at people's dishes on the way to our table, I could see the food was not going to be anything special. Turns out Dragon Palace is a bottom-rung Chinese restaurant: dirty plates, RUSTY teapots, sub-par ingredients, frozen vegetables, canned mushrooms, weak sauces, and the cheapest quality of fatty, gristly meats...It was so bad I sent my dinner back and asked for a refund. You'd be better off looking in the phonebook for Chinese restaurants, closing your eyes, putting your finger down on the page, and going to whatever place your finger landed on.
Heart be still I loved this place. Way better than I expected. I had the spicy noodles and they were delicious, flavor great and quality was on point. For desert the sticky rice with mango, I dream about it now. Highly recommend if you are in the mood for Thai food. I'll be back!
Okay, this is the best station in Phoenix, period. NPR programs are pretty good, at least the news oriented stuff like All Things Considered and Morning Edition. Prarie Home Companion should go back home to Squaresville and the Car Talk guys are wearing on my nerves as well as the pompous Wait Wait Don't Tell Me host.

What really makes this station is the music. Once NPR goes off the air in the early evening and Blaise Lantana (if that really is your name...) starts spinning the jazz then KJZZ really starts to shine.

The mix of jazz is really good. Sure like some other guy said, you get a lot of stuff from the mainstream classic jazz albums from Miles and those guys which is nice but if you're into jazz you've heard a million times. I mean how many times can you play Freddie Freeloader and Flamenco Sketches... Kind of Blue is like the Thriller of Jazz..

Anyway the cool thing is that she plays a lot of jazz vocalists who I don't normally listen to but I dig hearnig on the radio. 

Now I've got to mention the biggest plus... She has a thing for Houston Person. She plays the heck out of him. I hadn't heard too much of him other than a Grant Green album from the early 70's and maybe a date with him as leader and always thought of him as a poor man's Stanley Turrentine. But man she plays him so much that I thought he was a Phoenix native or something. It sure seems like Blaise and Houston had a thing going on back in the day. She plays all sorts of Houston Person like at least six tracks a night. Thanks to Blaise I've discovered Houston, and lots of new jazz vocalists.

The blues shows on the weekend nights are really good too.

I dig KJZZ. Wins hands down over the KYOT!
This place is really expensive but it is also pretty cool. I enjoy this place quite a bit!
Since this location opened I have gone in for coffee multiple times.  I love that I see the same staff all the time and they  are incredibly efficient and friendly.  Each of the women in there in the morning knows what they're doing and does it with a smile.  I appreciate their service.
The food here is good, upper end for a chain. The steak I had was done perfectly -and the pasta vodka with ricotta filled pockets was very nice.

Now the reason for the low score...

The place was single large room packed with people. Not great if you want a semi-relaxing meal... and when I'm spending a decent coin I don't want to be crammed into a massive room with a few hundred people and hear everyone's conversation from all over the place.

We had coupons so the price was fine but at regular price, for the same $, I'd go to several other places with better food and a better, relaxing and more quiet, atmosphere.
I am giving them five stars because the quality is extremely high here and everything is very yummy.  The red roasted peppers and goat cheese salad is phenomenal.  I have it with chicken on top and it is delicious.  They are also very reasonably priced especially when you consider the quality and freshness. This is a great little place in an unassuming strip that is a gem here in phoenix and a must try.
I have completed this run (obviously not the 27th annual edition) 5 times now. The course is always the same - a bit hillier than other Papgo courses as it takes a right along the sidewalk behind the zoo, but the organization is always excellent. The t-shirt is another good draw to this event - a long sleeve shirt that changes color in the sun. There is always food at the end, a raffle, and a great crowd. One of the best events on the racing calendar each year and an excellent way to start the new year off right!
jimmy joe sauce, o-so-good!!!
I'm still debating if I should rate this place 4 stars cause I like the food, but the service made me feel uncomfortable. 

For some reason I always thought Pita Jungle was a type of mediterranean fast food joint so I never had any desire to visit one.

So! when I decided to check this place out based on a bunch of people telling me how awesome it was, I was so surprised! The inside of this place reminds me of a restaurant I would see back home --- it made me forget I was in Arizona, which is nice, cause it's so frickin' hot right now.

I had the dolmades, shwarma, and a bit of the beef gyro -- everything tasted pretty good. 

Service wise -- I don't know. Maybe our server was having a bad day or whatever, but the vibe I felt off of him made me feel bad for eating there. I don't know what it was, I tried to be nice, by saying "thank you" a lot and trying to sound chipper here and there, but nothing. I really don't like saying negative things about servers, as I know how hard the job can be, but he seemed like he was either really bored or hated his job and that feeling just made me uncomfortable for being there. I don't expect servers to be happy go lucky or anything, but I don't want to feel guilty when someone takes my order and brings my food to the table.  

There are a lot of things on the menu that I want to try. I am not sure if I will go to the Gilbert location, maybe I will just order to go, but I do plan on tasting the other dishes that they have to offer.
Visiting Scottsdale for the week for work and found this place while walking around Old Scottsdale. I had an early dinner and wasn't that hungry so I ordered two appetizers for dinner. The chopped salad was excellent and very unique. It has smoked salad, roasted corn and an really great house dressing. I loved it. I also had the pork belly pastrami. It comes over rye spetzel and a tasty slaw. It was. It as good as the chopped salad, but it was very good. Service was excellent. The resturaunt has a cool vibe and an excellent bar / drink menu. It is not a 2 $ restaurant. The bill was $37 with tip and 1 beer. Despite that I would recommend it.
This is one of my favorite places on Mill Ave. I like Irish pubs and this place delivers. Drinks are good and it's worth visiting for lunch on food alone!
A girl friend and I headed here before our trip to shop for a wedding dress - I needed the half bottle of wine we ordered!  Was there a happy hour menu?  Happy hour prices?  We didn't ask, but didn't see anything advertised either.

We shared the plate of cheeses, bread, fruit, etc., and it was pretty tasty.  Loved the dried figs.  We also each ordered the greek (Uro? Oro?) salad, and agreed on the deliciousness of it.  I would definitely order that again.  

Service was a little on the slow side, but we were chatting so much that it was no biggie.  I would love to return and try a few more menu items!
I've come here a few times with friends and have always had a nice time!

The food is good and the beer is cold!  They have enough HDTVs that you could even catch a game on Mars.  

They have all your favorites: Pizza, Chili, Buffalo Wings, Loaded Nachos, Spicy Chicken Quesadilla, Pasta, BBQ Baby Back ribs, all in the $8-9.00 range. My favorite is the Loaded Nachos which are delicious!  They also have hot and cold sandwiches, salads, burgers and a bunch of the usual sides.

Goldie's is just a great neighborhood sports bar, without all the distractions and so-so food found at a Tilted Kilt or Twin Peaks.  It's a place where you can bring the family and not feel embarrassed by the servers or your fellow customers.  

It's Three Stars "A-OK", bordering on Four Stars.  As fellow Yelper Nydia A said: " Its like the "Cheers" of Scottsdale".  I would agree!

Enjoy!
Nice, clean little mom & pop style place. For about the same price as Subway, you can get a REAL handmade, home-style sub or sandwich featuring high quality "Boar's Head" deli meats on your choice of fresh breads. Pick your meat, bread, cheese, and toppings. They also serve hand-scooped Blue Bunny ice cream (cones, dishes, & sundae's) for desert!
I've had a chance to eat some of the best BBQ in Texas (Snows's, Louie Muellers, Blacks, etc) and I'm sorry to say that this is not close to any of them. On my first trip I had some of the moist brisket, some ribs and some sausage.  The ribs were okay, but could have used a spicier rub on the meat. Not much smoke on them either. The brisket is so-so. Granted that this is the only place I've found in the valley to serve moist brisket or even give you a choice, but the meat was lacking flavor. It was tender though. The sauce is sweet and lacking a kick either from vinegar or spice, but if the meat is good who cares about the sauce. Sausage was just okay, didn't taste smoke on the sausage at all. I'll try this place one more time, but there are better places in the valley where the BBQ has more flavor from the rub and smoke than Texas BBQ house. I was really excited to try this place after reading the reviews, but was let down
Hopefully the second time I try will be better
I'm a fan of their Newport location. Went with the girls for drinks. The margaritas were fresh and flavorful! Great people watching. I will return to try what looked like yummy food.
Great Coffee! So glad it's in my neighborhood. I love being able to walk down the street and grab a good cup of coffee. 

Small place but nice employees.
The new Peppercorn Shrimp is AWESOME!!!!
This is kind of a funny sushi place. Not too sure the owner knows the difference between chinese and japanese decor/outfits but the food is decent. Good environment. A little small (if I remember right) inside but the outside dining is ok (if it's not a billion degrees outside in AZ). The sushi is about as good as most places here in AZ, maybe a little better than the average but not stellar off the chart good. Seems I have a lot of meetings at this place, so I guess I'd say it's pretty good for meetings. Not sure on the regular dining out experience though, sorry.
This place is great!  I went to Postino on a Tuesday night with a friend and it was pretty busy.  We were seated right away and the service was great from start to finish.  We only ordered bruschetta and wine.  The bruschetta was amazing and the wine was definitely drinkable.  We ate inside, but the patio did look very cozy...next time!
Happy hour is good. Love the wings!! Reasonable drink prices and even after happy hour ended mid-meal we continued to get happy hour prices so that was much appreciated. Kids eat free damn near always! Always a good spot to hit with the wife for quick drinks or to take the kids for a bite.
The vendors were visiting from Arkansas and had never heard of Bianco's. Both were completely blown away by several things.. one was the wait from hell.. 3 hours to be exact.. 3 hours to the minute.. when they tell you how long they aren't stretching the truth by any means.. the next thing was the charm and personality both the pizzeria and the bar next door have.. this is SO Phoenix I told them. Lastly they were both toe curled over the pizza (I was too).. it was like the 3 of us shared some sort of foodie orgasm at the same time, I thought I was going to need to have a cigarette afterward!

At the end of the day Bianco's is just pizza.. but its pizza worth waiting for.
Good place to stay.  We have stayed there every year for the last five years.  (That should say it all)  The people are great and very welcoming.  The price is right and the location is great............access to HiWay, mall, and plenty of places to eat.
This lake is a hidden lil gem... well, I'm sure it's well-known to people who have lived in the Phoenix area for a long time but we stumbled across it yesterday while driving around, taking pictures of cacti.  (yeah - i know)

It's so cute and quaint.  Not a big lake or major water sports destination but, it has a lil restaurant and a marina... and yesterday it was a nice destination and provided some great photos.  

I'll return this summer!. :)

See ya there!
We tried this place after eating a really awesome meal at George and Sons down the strip mall. 

First thought was "I am a gelato rookie and dont know anything about it". So i walked in there trying some samples and couldnt really get the grasp of the whole idea. The place looked nice and contemporary on the inside but the gelato just wasnt satisfying me. I ended up getting a two scoop of the strawberry cheesecake which is my go-to ice cream at marble slab and stone cold. This flavor was fairly rich but lacking the creamy texture and strawberry chunks which ice cream has that dominates my taste buds.

Overall the shop looked cool, price was fairly steep and the guy behind the counter went into sales pitch mode after finding out my g/f managed a coffee shop. Not a big fan of sales pitches while just trying to finish a great night out with dessert.

Would try gelato again but probably not here as i need to expand my gelato experience somewhere else.
I had a great burger experience here and intend to return the next time I am craving a Fuddburger. I also got to introduce a friend to Fuddrucker's for the first time, so it was a cherry-poppin' adventure. Not only are the burgers here tasty, but I love the fact that you get to pick and choose the toppings from their self-serve produce and condiment bars. One of my favorite things on french fries is Heinz 57 sauce and Fuddrucker's is truly awesome for including that amongst its vast condiment selection.

As a professed condiment whore, I was thrilled to discover a new flavor of Tabasco I have never encountered before... and I like to think I really know my Tabasco products, having lived in Louisiana for years. This Fuddruckers special-orders the Sweet & Spicy variety of Tabasco which is not only great on a burger, but would work as an egg-roll dipping sauce. Knowing that I must have it for home use, my dining partner graciously approached the manager who arranged to allow him to purchase a bottle. This was just one example of how efficient, helpful, and friendly the staff here are. Next visit, I will demand to meet the one who refers to himself only as "Mr. Crusty Baker" (see photos).

The restaurant also has a lot of shiny fun decor evoking shameless Americana and Route 66 roadside culture. The bright colors and the overindulgence in fast food goodness contributes to a heightened state of arousal that can only be described as a "Burger Party Contact High". You can just feel the burger love... the afterglow punctuated by the difficult click of the seat belt as you strap in for a ride back to a somber, less-gluttonous reality.
I'm leaning more toward 3.5 starts, like "I'm a fan... it was A-OK!"  I've been here a couple of times, and it's pretty good.  The food is good, but it's a bit pricey for a cafeteria style restaurant like this.  The last time I was there I had a sweet potato sandwich that I literally dreamed about the night after... it was awesome.  

During a particularly busy morning, we thought we were going to have to change our order to to-go due to a lack of clear tables.  One of the "runners" (a fellow who was delivering food to its respective table and collecting the table stands) noticed our dilemma and helped us secure a table that was just emptying.  In his haste, and probably out of habit, he took the table stand that was supposed to match up with our meal.  No harm, no foul, we flagged him down and he found our orphaned food and delivered it right away.  Friendly all around.
Not that I know what good or real Korean is...but I am a fan of any good asian-type cuisine. 

Simple decor and we were attended to quickly (I think we were the second table). The table ordered the Korean BBQ ribs and I got the dolsot (I think). The meat was greasy, fatty with very light sweet sauce - just the way it's supposed to be. The dolsot came served in a huge stone smoking hot bowl. You have to stir it with your spoon to get all the rice, veggies and meat mixed up and a little crispy hot. Not  a lot of flavor but an interesting option for something new.

The sides were good though maybe uninspired. Who knew that Koreans ate appleas and mayonnaise just like I did in the midwest! It was a good sweetness to counter the spicy kim-chee!

A good option in downtown Chandler when you want to eat outside the box.
I positively love this place!  ...But I am glad I didn't read the reviews before I went for the first time, because, if I had, I might have had such high expectations that nothing could live up to it!!

I have been lucky enough to never have to wait though - once on a fluke "not very busy" Saturday night and three weekend lunches.

The Stetson salad alone is worth it.  It is unlike anything else, anywhere else, but it's very rich.  I recommend sharing it!  I have also had the Mac & Cheese (good with a spicy little kick), the stuffed pork chop (extraordinary), the Duck and Brie sandwich (interesting, but not quite as good as it sounded), and the Flatbread (delicious that day, and even better the next!)

And, I've always had good service too.
went with friends, it was small, awkward decor, friendly staff, but the food was not good at all.  don't waste your time. I wont be back.
Went in with a intermittent squeak coming from the belt. Chris, the 'floating manager' told me it was an idler pulley and that he needed to order the part. Once the part was installed, the car makes even worse squealing constantly now and Chris tried to sell me on another $300 part. saying it was the tensioner assembly that was going out. They were closing and could not get the part that day and told me to come back the next day to get more work. This place truly exemplifies the shiesty mechanic stereotype, no quality control or professionalism.  

If it is an oil change or a blown out tire, I wouldn't doubt these grease jockeys can help, but don't trust them for any service past that or you'll end up worse off than you started.
I thought that Restaurant Week would be the perfect opportunity to come in and use my gift card... but as soon as our server described the specials there was one that my husband had fixated on. The Tomahawk! For those of you who don't know, a tomahawk steak is basically a large bone-in ribeye, in this case portioned for two. Even though the waiter offered to let me order from the RW menu even if the hubby did not and my husband graciously offered to attempt to consume the entire steak himself, I reluctantly put the restaurant week menu aside and prepared myself for... The Tomahawk!

I started with the chilled corn soup which was fantastic.  I would not have expected the lemongrass and corn flavors to work so well with each other but they were perfect together in creamy broth and just a hint acidity from the tomato garnish. The presentation was also lovely with the fresh veggies arriving in the bowl and the broth added tableside. The hubby started with a Cesar salad that he thought was just ok. He was more impressed with the potato gratin we picked as our side... I only got a couple bites of those but they seemed pretty tasty. (tip: order at least one side dish per person b/c portion sizes are small).  The best part of the meal was, of course, the steak. Our server wheeled it out to us on a cart topped by a large cutting board. He expertly carved it off the bone and sliced it up for us, neatly spitting it onto two dinner plates. At the end of this production he also offered hubby the humongous rib bone to gnaw on; this he received as a child would a long anticipated gift from Santa Claus. The meat was wonderfully tender and flavorful. I also really enjoyed the trio of steak sauces that accompanied it. We finished off our meal with a slice of cheesecake to share. The cheesecake was not the best but I liked that it came with a quenelle of sorbet on top. Very different. That tangy fruitiness really complemented the glass of AZ Stronghold Rose I had ordered. I also had a glass of Malbec with dinner that was only $9 but quite good. I am happy that they had a few options from local wineries and my hubby was also glad he was able to order a Kiltlifter.

The food and service were all excellent. I am not sure how I feel about the ambiance. Something about it reminds me of Vegas. Maybe the Cosmo-esque glass chandeliers?  Or the huge windows a-la-The Mix? Or maybe just the hip, upbeat music and younger good-looking crowd. Either way, the only complaint I have is the price. If you go, make sure you are prepared for sticker shock... or else be smart and order off the Restaurant Week menu!
When the announcement was made in early 2010 that Lucky Strike was coming to the neighborhood, I knew it would be special, and I knew it would be something that changed the game in Downtown Phoenix. Opening night at Lucky Strike went swimmingly, and it has been getting better and better ever since. 

The atmosphere is reminiscent of Big Lebowski, which coincidentally was the model bowling alley for the first Lucky Strike. It's a small bowling alley with only 12 lanes, a lounge and bar area, and pool tables. Make no mistake, it isn't cramped, just a small place with a lot going on. By day you'll enjoy well lit lanes and a bright casual atmosphere, but by night, that all changes drastically. Lucky Strike is predominately a night club on the weekends, when the music is loud, the lights are low, and the sexy people are aplenty, sometimes three deep standing at the bar with a 2 hour wait for a lane. Some say the Old Town crowd has moved in, but I say it's a diverse and fun mix of people all with the same intention of dancing to old school hip hop, bowling, and having some fun downtown. The bowling lanes are a little nicer than your standard bowling alley. They have newer and better scoring machines, TVs behind the pins, and all state of the art technology. It's really fantastic.

Throughout dozens of visits, once as many as three times in a 24 hour period, I've recieved both exceptional service and awful service, with no real consistency either way. One visit, we sat down at the bar by the window in the back of the club, and were told we could not order drinks there. Another visit, I waited 15 minutes to get my tab after requesting it, though we were the only ones there. Other visits, the service was so perfect that we felt we could may as well be guests in someone's home. The staff here is all friendly, and everyone seems to like their job. I have a theory on the service, and that is the way the managerial staff has the place set up. It doesn't flow well for the servers. Example, there is a bar right by the bowling lanes which is never open. The other bar is around the corner, down the stairs, in another room. Servers must go here to refill a drink or get a beer, which makes it take forever. They should really work on a way to make food and drink service more expeditious. 

By this point, I've tried every item on Lucky Strike's $5.50 lunch special (lunch, soda, shoes, and one game) menu and they have all been good. Some of the standouts for me are the Turkey Brie sandwich, a mixture of sliced turkey, melted brie, and apple butter on a Ciabatta, the Bleu Mini Burger, served in a duo (you can mix and match with other types as well) with house made french fries. You really can't go wrong with any of it, though. The happy hour menu features half priced "Lounge Menu," $2 domestic drafts, and I forget what else from 4- and 9-close 7 nights a week. I love the pretzel dippers, served with garlic butter, mustard, and cheese dip, as well as the Beef Skewers with a spicy and sweet glaze. The same mini burgers are available at happy hour as well. 

In actuality, if you're a hardcore bowler, you might not care about all the flash and bang at Lucky Strike. You might not care that there are beautiful women serving you food and drinks right at your lane while wearing little black mini skirts. You might not notice the DJ booth in the lounge area, and you surely might ignore the animations on the screen when you get a strike, but for those of us who can't seem to muster more than 125 a game, and really just want to hang out in a cool place with great food and friendly people, Lucky Strike is heaven.
Since 1984 we have gone to El Chorro for the best drinks with a view and have always loved everything about the charming historic setting.  It has recently been remodeled so we were excited to meet friends there to see the changes.  We should have known there was a "problem" when we pulled into the nearly empty parking lot.  The new bar area is very pretty and the view of the back of Camelback Mtn is still gorgeous.  Unfortunately, the bar menu is extremely limited and quite expensive.  In the past El Chorro was a fun, buzzing place for happy hour, but now the happy hour is limited to pricey watered down drinks and an expensive shrimp cocktail or brisket sandwich. Even the trademark cheese and crackers are gone!  We are so sad to say we will no longer take our out of state visitors to El Chorro.  Very disappointing experience and we will not be back.
If u like authenticed northern chinese food then this is for u. Trust me I was born and raised in that region of China.
After searching Yelp for other restaurants in our area with great reviews, it seemed to me that The Deli was going to be a new hit for our family. Needless to say it was an epic FAIL. Everything about this place, including the name is mediocre. We walked into the restaurant which looks like an old beat up hole in the wall that should be featured on Chef Ramsey's Kitchen Nightmares. Warning! The place looks nothing like the pictures featured on it's website. I ordered a turkey sandwich (hold the cheese, hold the mayo), add avocado, and add cucumbers. The avocado was an additional 1.50, which wasn't a big surprise considering most places up charge for avocado. I was appalled to see that I was charged .45 for cucumber after the check arrived. Get real, The Deli, a whole cucumber costs that much. My husband got a meatball sub which was decent. It wasn't anything special and he said he likes Subway's meatball sub even better. My children split the mac n cheese meal and it was fine. Again nothing special. The atmosphere is horrendous. We sat on the patio facing Queen Creek's finest meth lab, a boarded up house. The plants on the patio were mostly wilted. They had one shade up and one shade down, which doesn't sound that bad, but it appeared to me that they were rarely touched. The door leading to the patio had some janky door handle that looked like a bent metal coat hanger. Our silverware was brought out in glass jars as was our check. The kids menu was a 6" x 3" piece of card stock that was so full of wrinkles it looked like the previous patron attempted an origami. We were told to get out own drinks. None of this would have been as big of a deal if we purchased a 20.00 meal. And even if it was just 20.00, we still probably wouldn't return. When the waiter came out, he presented a 35.00 check. I thought "for a turkey sandwich, meatball sandwich, and a small side of noodles?!?!?!" This was when I noticed that they had all these miscellaneous charges like .45 cucumbers. How about you credit me for the mayo/cheese I didn't receive. I was so irritated for a second I thought about not even tipping especially considering the waiter didn't do anything but bring us the menu, take our order, and take our money. But I realized he shouldn't be penalized for his crappy employer. This place is so overpriced and yet spends very little to convey that they actually care about their patrons. This place is a flippin joke, a rip off, and we will never return here again.
After the insane cold spell Phoenix has been under it finally killed my battery. 

I work in Tempe so after work one day I trekked on over to the good ol' Oreilly Auto Parts store and got myself a new battery. The staff was very helpful and accommodating. They lent us a few tools so my boyfriend could remove the dead battery, lord knows I wasn't about to try to do it, and hooked us up with a  great price.

I noticed they have other handy dandy offerings, like do it yourself oil change kits, for the boyfriend of coarse, again, I am not doing that myself. I might be a self sufficient woman, but beyond changing a tire that is about as far as I go. 

Great store, great service, I will be back.
Ate here on a Saturday night. There weren't many people, and we sat outside in spite of the fact that it was chilly. The busser brought two heat lamps over for us, though, which was much more comfortable, until he spilled ice water all over my wife's purse and my foot. He was very apologetic, though, and the server seemed afraid we were going to become irate.

At any rate, we ordered our food, and it was quite good. My wife & I were pleased with the vegetarian options, though the red sauce on my burrito left something to be desired, as it was quite watery. And the fried Asian noodles they serve on the side of nearly everything are a disgusting waste of food. Beyond those two issues, I enjoyed my meal very much. I tried some of my family's dishes, and they tasted good as well.

And the non-corn tortilla chips are rather like elephant ears, or pie crust in my brother-in-law's opinion, but were a unique touch. I was disappointed to find olives in the salsa, but overall we had a good time, good meal and would return on our next trip to AZ.
Ono is Ono...I would have given 5 stars but "as good as it gets" is backyard/beach luau on the Islands.  For those of you that don't know Ono has many meanings, it can describe a delicious dish (that teriyaki plate was Ono) or your wanting of something (I am Ono for a beer right now).  My first experience of Ono was living on the west side driving back to CA and I saw it off of Dysart road next to my bank.  I went in and got just what I wanted for the trip to CA, a couple of spam musubi.

Now living in Phoenix I am glad to know that Ono is a hop and a skip away.  I have been there multiple times but am lazy on reviews.  If you are looking for a different lunch, or easy dinner, then you are in for a treat.  Plate lunch is what we call it, but plate dinner, or leftovers, works as well.

I would recommend to start off with the BBQ Plate Combo, it has a piece of teriyaki chicken, teriyaki beef, and a korean kalbi style short rib.  To top it off traditional plate lunch is also served with mac salad, a scoop of rice (sometimes two) and Ono likes to put some steamed cabbage on the bottom of the meat.  Get a side of Rooster Sauce (Sriracha) to dip your meat or rice in and you will look up with a smile.  My favorite is the Spam Musubi, a piece of spam, rice and sauce, wrapped in seaweed.  Different Ono's have different items, but plate lunch is a staple at all.

If you are a light eater you may want to split any plate lunch combo.  If you think you can do it and can't then score, you have dinner or a snack later.  Either way you will be happy.  I only wish they had brew to wash it down with, but good thing about plate lunch is it is just as good when you get it home as when it was put in the box.  Writing this made me Ono for Ono, mmmm.
I'd never been to Smashburger, but had heard good things, so when Yelp offered an event here that provided a free entree and sample of their new shake, I jumped on the opportunity.  I was not disappointed!  I ordered the Arizona burger (jalapeno peppers, guacamole, and a spicy mayo), and my friend ordered the Mushroom Swiss burger.  Both were delicious!  Definitely a good quality burger, and the fries were pretty good too!  The shake was really good as well.  The atmosphere was clean and bright, and the staff was very friendly and helpful.  I'd definitely come here again when I get the urge for a good burger.
I like this place...I keep coming back to it.  There are many Mexican chains out there in the world, but this place does Mexican food right.  The dishes are a New Mexico kinda twist on things.  The hatch green chiles are very hot if you are not used to it.  Pay attention to the chile ratings on the menu.  The chips come with 3 different kinds of salsa.  For that I will probably say this is the best chip/salsa setup in the valley.  The service sometimes is lousy.
Their happy hour menu has 2 beer selections for $3, $5 house red or white house wine, $4 wells and 1/2 priced apps everyday from 3-7pm. I was a little disappointed that once we got there all the apps weren't 1/2 priced, but most of them are around $5 so you can still get them and it won't break the happy hour bank. I really liked that they had a meat-free section for appetizers which included a giant bavarian pretzel, brussel sprouts, asparagus, cauliflower, etc. Great idea!!!!
Throughout the course of our evening we ordered the escargot (try it you'll like it!!), the giant pretzel, the asparagus, and the brussel sprouts. I thought everything was delicious, although the sauce that accompanied the asparagus was a little heavy and congealed quickly....not appealing. My favorites were the escargot which sat on top of a delicious creamy puree (maybe artichoke?) and the brussel sprouts were glazed in honey mustard and sprinkled with parmesan cheese. 
The house white and reds were pretty good actually, and my husband was impressed with their beer list, being more of a beer connoisseur. 
It's not a huge place so there is limited inside seating. There are booths/tables behind the bar and a couple lounge areas as you first walk in. There is also an outdoor patio seating area, but somehow with the doors open you get the waft of cigarette smoke coming inside which I didn't like. 
The decor is dim lighting, lots of wooden accents to give it that monastery feel.  There was a super cool sink in the ladies room...just had to mention that. 
Service was friendly and attentive and overall everyone seemed to have a great attitude.
Super cheap, 4-8$ bento box lunches M-F.
I am big fan of Grazie's, and even in summer when you really don't want to be inside near that wood-fired oven!   A very nice selection of pizza toppings and other great pastas, salads and deserts. There is no excuse to go to Oregano's when Grazie is right down the street.
Oh, the fallacy that is Scottsdale: the sahuaros are green, the palm trees grow tall, and the women all saunter up and down the boulevards in low-cut tops.  But, thankfully, there is one saving grace, albeit a tiny, under-staffed one with a great rotation of films.  Because, hey, where else is an erudite scholar supposed to go in this town?
What has happened to the Coffee Plantation? I've been out of the Valley for 8 yrs. and the Coffee Plantation was always such a good place for food, bakery items, and of course coffee. On my last visit the store was dirty, the full menu of food was gone, and the coffee was burnt. I went to the Biltmore and alas that location was gone. Where did my old Coffee Plantation go?
This place is dirty.  The plate my food was served on was dirty, our waitress's apron was dirty, and the booth we sat in was dirty; it left a huge grease stain on my daughter's pants.   This place is disgusting.
Skip it.  The sushi was average and was served too warm for my liking.  We tried the Vegas roll and the tempura was thick and greasy.  Another post said it best by calling it "blah".  Nothing overly exciting about the rolls.  Atmosphere and service was great.  Happy Hour prices were fantastic, but I guess you get what you pay for.  There are several better options around.
I had been looking forward to trying Camus' successor for a couple of months, and finally go the chance to on recent Friday night.
We had a large group of about 12 or 15, five or so of which arrived about 15 minutes early. So we ordered drinks in the bar area which had some seemingly graffiti-type art that seemed totally out of place in this hip, downtown hotel lounge/restaurant. We mentioned in passing to a waitress that we were here to give someone a head's up and she looked physically sick as she sighed, "Oh, you're the large party? Yeah, I have you." Well, that's not the way to start things off, that's for sure.
I totally felt for her - at first. Large groups are very intimidating to serve. Except... the rest of the restaurant was virtually empty. I could go into a laundry list of things she messed up, forgot or simply did not know, but I think J-Man S. already pointed most of them out for us (and that was only our side of the table...)
So, on to the food. I was *starving* so I ordered a bowl of $4 miso soup to hold me over until my burger arrived (had I been less starved, I would have ordered the tofu curry or been more adventurous, but all I could think about was grilled animal flesh). Ok, so it took about 40 minutes to get the apps out - seriously? Anyway, I thought RA had, hands down, the worst miso soup, but this place takes the cake. Yeah, it's only 4 bucks, but I was *so* bummed when it finally came out that it was lukewarm and had the consistency of gravy, was flavorless and had not a single vegetable or piece of tofu in it. REALLY?!
After an extended conversation with the server about the cheeses offered for the burgers, mine still came out cheese-less...sigh. I had to *send it back* even though I knew it would take anywhere from 15 to 45 minutes for the corrected meal to come out (her average time for fixing her many, many screw ups). Once I finally had my plate, I found that the fries were shockingly still hot - and pretty damn good, too. Too bad the "house fries" that were supposed to be a mix of sweet potato and regular were all regular save for two. The burger was also pretty good...but to give a back-handed compliment, burgers are hard to mess up and at that point, the napkins looked delicious.
I did sample Bonnie's tofu curry and thought it was pretty good - the tofu was crispy and the curry sauce seemed flavorful...but I don't trust my opinion at this point because I might have eaten anything. The serving of chicken teriyaki could have fit in a tuna can - sad, sad, sad.
On top of that, after an unsatisfying meal, I trekked to the bathroom. I was surprised to find it was filthy and completely out of paper towels and soap. Iiiickkkk. Now that's just unacceptable for a place that charges $12 for a drink. You couldn't pay me to go back to C4 - if they can't even keep the bathrooms clean, I can't imagine what the bar or kitchen looks like.
No shirt No shoes No problem at this place! Hell I even think they encourage it! The Nastier the better. If your in the hood I mean neighborhood stop in but dont forget your brass knuckles and possibley a 9mm.
Good food, fair prices.  If you are getting an order to go make sure you check your order before you leave.  They have forgotten to put things in my bag on 3 separate occasions.  Other then that I enjoy this place.
First Visit Expierienc

4 star on variety of items on the shelves

1 star on the beef shwarma in the restaurant-chewy, fatty, dry, tasteless little scorched pieces of meat on top of rice--Enough said!!

Go shopping but skip the restaurant.
Nothing fancy here -- good-sized standard Italian dinners at reasonable prices in a family atmosphere. They have a handful of basic sauces that they put on a wide variety of dishes, ranging from fish to chicken to meat, as well as their homemade pasta.

A standout is the grilled vegetable salad. Sounds pretty ordinary on its face, but they do a great job with a healthy mix of carrots, zucchini and peppers. 

The eggplant parm was solid -- several slices of eggplant smothered in mozzarella. Another diner at our table had the housemade sausages (sweet) with homemade fettucine, which also got good reviews. 

The wine list is short (with a shortage of Italian wines with the except of three Chianti's) but well priced.

Our waitress said she'd been there with Nicks for 15 years, so she knew the menu inside out and winked when we ordered things she hinted were good. Gotta like that.
So, when I heard that this place had it's own Pandora radio station, I just had to check them both out.  The station is alright, eclectic and I'll add it to my light rotation.  It was a good thing I checked it out online, since when we got to the restaurant, I couldn't actually hear it...

Nice, open atmosphere, bright and clean, and good breads upon which to load good stuff!  AZ Tri-Tip was good, nicely seasoned and tender, and the better half had the Market Tri-Tip and the rosemary came through nicely.  

Some friends had raved about the cookies - and they -were- good, but I'm not sure deserving of the rabid nature of the recommendation.  The lemon with lemon icing was by far the better option - very lemony and my tongue danced with the brightness of it all.  And while I love me my carrot cake and tend to find the best in any attempt, I was less than enamored with the carrot cake cookie.  It tasted fine, but fell apart while eating, was a little too raisiny - so if you like messy, go for it.

We'll be back, and hopefully the music will be playing!
The food is great the price is high but the overall experience was good. I have never been here before so the experience was interesting to say the least.
Love this place.  The hot sauce complemts every item. Kids like the constant dim sum action.
One of the more iconic sports bars in Phoenix is Majerles. Named for and run by Dan Majerles of the Phoenix Suns, this bar sits just one block away from the arena and tends to host some of the rowdier crowds during the Suns games. Majerles is consistently ranked one of the top sports bars in the country by Sports Illustrated. This accolade is well deserved.

Majerles is small but laid out well with the bar in the center with smaller high-tops encircling it with booths along the outer wall. This system works well for the different types of crowds that come into Majerles. There is also outdoor seating and usually a scantily-clad hostess standing with them.

Nothing special about the menu but everything is good. The Chicago burger, with its blue cheese, is a personal favorite. The bar features the usual selection of domestics and imports as well as specialty liquor.

This is not really a kid-friendly environment but there is nothing to suggest they shouldn't attend. Because the bar is more intertwined with the restaurant and the waitresses are usually minimally dressed, Cooper's Town might make a better impression on the younger ones. The food is better there too.
I used to love cooking, and when I cook, I'm actually semi-decent.  I taught myself through trial and error and a bunch of cooking shows a few years back.  And then I went to med school.  Now I rarely cook and we tend to eat out a lot.

I'm not really sure why we keep going back here.  The staff is sometimes friendly, the food is sometimes good, and I could do without the wild west theme.

Actually, the food, especially the dinners, are cafeteria quality: canned green beans, instant mashed potatoes, tough meat. I think they should actually serve it in one of those square plates with the dividers to make it more authentic.

The breakfasts are more appetizing and really, really cheap.

THAT'S IT! Bill Johnson's is cheap and easy!  We keep going back because it's fills the belly without emptying the wallet.  It's easy to get to from my house, and easy to remember because of it's kitchy-ness.
As previously mentioned, that fettuccini carbonara is bangin'!!! Did they cook bacon and 'shrooms into the sauce and then sprinkle additional bacon only to top the thing with entire strips of bacon!!! Um, yes. That's what they did. It was phenomenal. As was the chicago dog, crinkly fries and greek salad. 

Nom nom nom!
Abuelo's bills itself as an Embassy of Mexican Food, and the posh decor certainly sets the stage. Picture this: shopping in Caesar's Palace with recessed fluorescent lighting trimming a domed ceiling, Dia De Los Muertos and Latin artistic touches in the plentiful paintings (including a pairs shot of Frida Kahlo and Alejandro Gómez Arias), many well-appointed nooks for dining with relative separation from the din, and hints of rural Spanish cathedrals.

Only a verbose description properly corrals the elements of this experience - a feast for the eyes. That is only matched by the feast found on their menu. I position my rating by saying that the food is slightly more traditional, with less focus on fusion combos and more on the individual flavors of key ingredients. I recommend the layered dip, with seasoned ground beef, melted queso, guac, sour cream and peppers. A lovely starter that is easily shared by two. And the complementary salsa is above average, with a well-thought-out single serving bowl per person.

The Green Chile Stew (while John, our server, raved about it) was ok. I love spice; however, the black pepper overpowered the green chiles. The beef was tender but sinewy at points; and the potatoes seemed an afterthought, having not fully absorbed the flavor of the sauce. I wanted to try the Cilantro Lime (chicken with pozole), but it was not available on that visit.

Also, the Espinaca Casserole had some great spinach but only one piece of mushroom and no noticeable peppers, as promised on the menu. Oddly, it included corn, which was not mentioned. Won't venture there again.

My dinner companion had the "linebacker's meal," as she called it (saving the leftovers for her hubby). It was the well-priced $14.95 Monterrey, with sour cream chicken enchilada, avocado enchilada, spinach enchilada, chicken ranchera enchilada, cheese chile relleno, crispy chicken taco and guacamole. The plate was scorching and the selection was amazing; something worth testing with a friend. She said it was all good but not terribly memorable.

Highlight of the trip was the service. I would have likely come back to try other selections, like some of the seafood dishes and margaritas; still, the hospitality, the attentiveness, the genuine listening skills and the efficiency will definitely make this a repeat venue.

So, be sure to sample a sampler and take a leisurely walk around the restaurant to acquaint yourself with the art, statues and murals. Tell Frida, I said "hi."
if you've been to this location when it was Old Chicago, it hasn't changed much.

absolutely same decor, same uber selection of beers on tap and in the bottle - they even play bad 90's rock too loud on the jukebox in the bar still. i don't even think they changed the menu...yep, they still serve up their signature italian nachos...

for as college-y sports fan as it kind of seems to be targeted for, it's a pretty normal crowd, like really normal, forgettably normal, and i don't mean that in a crappy way. i used to live right down the way and the roommates and i would head up for a beer or two, reasonably priced bar food (mushroom swiss burgers, pizzas, calzones, appetizers, decent salads). i hate to compare it to an applebee's or friday's, but i guess if i had to, i would- but you don't leave with that corporate whoreing out  feeling.

the bar seating area is plentiful, it's a upbeat atmosphere with consistently decent-to-good service. it's the kind of place you could even take your dad or your coworkers, too. and when i finally say fuck it to "if it's too loud you're too old" and ask the server to turn down the juke box, they do.
I have to give chart house a 4 star review because consistently it makes an unbelievable macadamia nut crusted mahi and the King Crab legs are fantastic.  There is no need to use butter for these legs for they are of fantastic quality.  I always add the salad bar becuase it's a good start.   And the Chocolate cake is worth the wait.  The lobster spring rolls are a really good appetizer.  
    Now, I haven't ordered anything besides the above items so I can't comment on steaks, cx, or other fish.  The location is nice with great views of camelback....it is a desert but let's be honest, it's a neighborhood in a major metropolitan city.
Please, someone tell me, how does this place even post a profit. Ever?

I live down the road and since I was a child I had never heard of Kohl's.  And when came in down the road, it was described to me as a cross between a Dillard's and a Mervyn's.  This didn't bode well for this new establishment. I was pretty sure I was going to buy socks, and maybe underwear here, and call it a deal. Boy, was I wrong.

The first time I knew I was missing out is when my wife bought me a bunch of clothes (yeah, my wife buys some of my clothes. I admit it) and I started wearing them and they weren't just very affordable, they were also very much my style. Casual, generic, and comfortable beyond all description. I had to know what this place looked like in person. It had to have tossed clothing racks, rancid dressing rooms, horrible service. DAMN! Foiled again. 

Now, I am writing this review about 5 years after this place has been around so this is about 4 years of experiences at this location. The racks are always, for the most part, clean and tidy. The organization is methodical and predictable. The clothes are a very good bargain. I am not talking super high end stuff for a good price. I am talking proprietary clothing at an outstanding price. Generic silk screen shirts, sturdy jeans, quality socks. This isn't Rodeo drive people, but they do have some nicer clothes that I have purchased for interviews and weddings. Good clothing, period.

This brings me to the price. I guess I don't know the first thing about running a large chain of retail clothing. I will admit this. But how can you throw down $150 worth of clothing on the check out counter and after red tags, special discount days, mailed coupons, Arbor Day, and just because discounts, I am paying around $85. I don't think Kohl's sells surplus clothing like Costco and Sam's but if it is then I truly can't tell. And however they do it, I don't care. The prices is how this store earned that extra star on the end. I will go back for pretty much everything short of suits and scuba gear.

I can't end this without talking about the staff. Always friendly and knowledgeable. The returns are lenient if you just are happy with your purchase. They will give you a little good conversation while you are checking out and they really keep the store in good shape overall.  Bravo.
i find so many cool things at this store. i like to go here and know i can afford anything i see. i feel very rich when i am here!
Alright, I've been to Arribas before and it was always just "okay". However, this was the worst experience I have had before at any restaurant. 

I had a QT drink that I brought into the restaurant, not even thinking. Our server was getting off and we would have a new server. As I was in the restroom, I was informed by my friends that the new server tried reaching for my drink really awkwardly and they had no idea what was happening. They told him I was in the RR and would be back shortly. Right when I come out I'm getting bombarded by him telling me I can't have any outside food or drink. He was very flustered and you could tell he didn't really know how to handle the situation. I told him that it wasn't a big deal, handed over the drink and proceeded to sit down. 

Now, this wasn't the big deal. I felt that this situation was handled in the worst possible way. If this was such a big deal, the manager (who had greeted us and directed us where to sit) should have told me that I could not have the drink. By placing the responsibility and urgency on the server, he in turn got very flustered. I felt bad for the server.

We did not order any food and my friend paid for her drink. On our way out I talked to the manager.

This was the most unprofessional manager ever. He denied seeing us walk into the store. Would not listen to what I had to say, and turned the story so that it was the servers fault. This manager wouldn't even listen to me or my friends when we explained the situation! Very very horrible customer service. 

Needless to say, I will never be returning and I will not refer anyone here.

P.S. The menu has so many pictures nothing stands out. Everything looked the same and it was a very difficult menu to "read".
So glad we gave this place a shot. Atmosphere was just what we were looking for.... nice atmosphere, busy and filled with  a variety of people and age groups and played good music as well. Place is pretty nice inside as well (and the fire pit /waterfall doohickey, they have outside is perfect to sit in front of if you have to wait for a table).  Everything we had was really good, no complaints at all about the food( did not do much sushi so i cannot disagree or agree with other people comments about it) but...  calamari and edamame were delic.

side note: one thing that bugged this shit out of me, is out waitress was reeeallly slllooww. we ordered drinks and our apps at the same time and apps came out before our drinks even did( she meant well, she just seemed somewhat as if she kept forgetting she was at work or something) 

got the Sake sampler which was good and a few other rounds of sake followed, all were mucho tasty.  We ordered the "dreamboat" and apparently when they make this they can only do it is you place two orders of it. The thing is fricken huge...seriously i felt guilty with all that food in front of me..but it was delic and had two big boxes of crap to take home as well. 

i recommend trying this place out(if you get the slow chick, just boss her around.. she seems to respond to it really well.)
Come with time... it takes a while if you are here for the lunch time crowd.

the food is okay.  a little pricey for what you get.
Nice meal and good service
Came here on accident, really, because the place we wanted to eat at was longer serving dinner.  This place was at 10pm, and we were starving.  

My friend and I had the Spinach ravioli with pomodoro sauce, which was recommended by the waiter.  It was just okay.  Our third friend had the eggplant and mushroom parmagiana with marinara sauce.  I liked her marinara better than my pomodoro.  The entrees came with a soup or salad.  I had the minestrone, which was really delicious, fresh, and not over seasoned.  My friends had at the salad which was also very tasty, especially with their house dressing.  Because they had run out of bread, the waiter comped us an order of garlic bread, which was drenched in butter, they way we liked it!  

The prices were quite high I thought for pasta, but it is a touristy and trendy area.  

Well, without this experience, this place would just be another place to eat.  The owner of the restaurant came over to us, said he had heard our conversation all about the SF Giants, the reason we were in town, and suggested we go to the bar to talk to some gentlemen.   I looked over and thought, what the heck is he talking about?   He then brought us over to the bar and introduced us to the father of a Cy Young award winning pitcher...won't mention names...and The Beat writer of the SF Giants.  So...if you are a baseball fan...it's not a bad idea to visit this place!!
everytime my sister comes to town we go striaght from the airport to Karsh's.
our intent is to buy bagels and we do, but we can never stop there and wind up with a variety of goodies. all that we have comsumed over the years has been really great. as for service, always with a smile and friendly attitude.
we used to go here all the time when we lived on n. central, but since we moved to the other side of the world it has become a special occasion place. so please open one near us too.
It's a must GO! Chicken and Waffles has that home made feel food to it! If you are going to Lo-Lo's, you must try chicken and waffles since that's not all they serve. 
And do NOT forget to order your koolaid! Its the best!
This place is huge! I seriously couldn't believe the size on the place.  Has plenty of room to do whatever you want. Has 4 pools that are all right next to each other.  The pools were very crowded, so I would get there early!  My only complaint is that everything seemed to close at 8 pm, including the pools and hot tub.  They said they start staying open later when it's warmer, but to us 70 degrees was good enough weather to hang in the pool.
I loved everything about this gym initially, except for the televisions connected to the cardio equipment. Great classes, great facilities, and nice people. My issue with the televisions is that you can't get closed captioning on all of them...or so I thought. I complained to the front desk about a couple of tvs that were out of service and he called over Clint the maintenance guy. Clint was so helpful. He works there three days a week and said I should grab him in case I see anything that needs fixing. He thanked me for bringing it to his attention. When I told him my issue with the closed captioning, he actually showed me how to add it to the tvs myself and then offered to add it to any tv I wanted. Now I just wish they had more locations in Phoenix.
For some reason or another this macy's has a better selection of shoes than the one at Scottsdale mall. In the past year I found a pair of Calvin Klein sandals for half off, and they carry the higher end, younger brands- which is great Nordstrom's selection tends to be for an older crowd.
Skip this place. horrible derive
1 Star: Being greeted by the sweetest, wittiest older Japanese woman upon entering

1 Star:  Every photo of every menu item on the wall makes you want to order them all

1 Star:  Wonderful sticky rice, imported Panko and grain fed Chicken

1 Star:  The clientele of firemen, business types and hipsters lets you know this is a local joint

1 Star:  The older lady saying, "Excuse my Boarding School reach," when she grabs your tea to refill for the 3rd time.

This is delicious, low cost Japanese comfort food.  Teriyaki, Panko Fish, Sushi, Japanese Curry.  Delicious.
Jena's skin care treatments have been great. From my own visit and sending my gf there several times, we have nothing but great things to say. She is very knowledgeable and polite, a great experience all around.
Our FAVORITE place in Chandler for tacos.  The Carne Asada, beef tongue, and pork stomach tacos are amazing.  The kids love the cheese quesadilla.   The staff is super friendly.  I knew it was good when I was the only non hispanic person eating there.  Very authentic.  I love that they have a bar for condiments, too.
I love doing my veggie and fruit shopping here! They have a great variety and it all looks so yummy and tempting when I go. I like that they have seeds and grains so I can add some to my salads or make yummy cookies. Their deli section isn't bad, I wish there was a bit more in terms of meats and cheese to get sliced to order although they have plenty in their display coolers.
I think I'm in love... Not quite sure, ...no, I'm pretty sure, it's love.
I've been looking for this venue. - I just didn't know it, till I arrived.

I've recently just started going to the Crescent Ballroom for local shows, and live music, after hearing about the venue from friends sometime early last year. - I've been to three shows since, with each one better than the one before it.

First of all, it's cozy. It's "mid-sized", seating 300-500 people. It's not huge and impersonal like a lot of phoenix venues I've been to. This place has character, and style, and I like the freedom of enjoying a drink (or two) on the patio, while readying for the show to start.

It's seriously one of the best live music venues I've been to. It's great to be able to see a decent show, in a local venue, without all the fuss of a stadium or arena setting. 

They have a lounge. This area, separate from the venue's main concourse, is where you can order food and drinks, and is where the tables, patio and bar are located.

Their full-sized bar is staffed with super quick, friendly and knowledgable servers. In addition to your regular bar/venue fair, they also offer a decent selection of house specialty drinks. I've ordered both the honey badger, and the casa blanca, and would highly recommend either to a friend. I definitely intend on returning to try more of their tasty concoctions.

Their Happy Hour is from M-F from 4:30-6pm, which gets you $2 PBR's, $3 well drinks, $3 Drafts or $1 off other drinks.

If you're looking for a fun weekend night out, or a mid-week break from the norm, definitely check this place out.
A recent trip to Phoenix brought us to M.B.F.G.R.  We had just arrived the night prior and had no dinner, and a very tiny breakfast, so my wife and I were very hungry by the time lunch rolled around.  Our friends took us here saying it was "pretty good."  Honestly, both my wife and I thought it was phenomenal.  Neither of us are red meat eaters, so we both immediately look towards the chicken and fish menu sections of any restaurant we dine at.  We both decided to try the chicken breast entree.  (I apologize for not remembering the exact name of the dish.)  The entree consisted of two smaller chicken breasts, lemon potatoes, rice, and pita bread.  The chicken was extremely moist and tender with a great flavor to it.  The lemon potatoes were unlike anything I have ever had before.  Upon first bite, they tasted really sour, but the more I ate them, the more I wanted.  The pita bread was just your basic pita bread...nothing bad, nothing exceptional.  I stuffed myself so full that I left no room to try the rice.  We both also added the Greek salad to our entree for an additional $2.50 each.  Excellent salad.  Service was fast and friendly.  Food was very very tasty!  The only reason that I would give this restaurant less than a 5-star rating is because they are not in San Diego.  We will be back next time in Phoenix.  Our total bill including soft drinks, tax, and tip was $40.  Great value for the quality and quantity!
This is not the first time I have been to Salt. This is also not the first time I've experienced BAD bar service at Salt. They are very slow with their service. The manager was not of any help. I complained about the bathrooms being very messy for a scottsdale bar. He blamed it on the amount of customers he had come through after a movie had let out. Well I didn't see anyone and it was a Sunday evening! 

The 1 good thing I'd like to say is, my buffalo chicken spring rolls were very tasty. 

Good luck to those venture into Salt! 

May the force be with you!
Not sure what happened this time, but we had to wait for forty minute for our order, and the spring rolls were very greasy.  The rest of the order was only mediocre.  Too bad
Underwhelmed.

Let's start with the positives - nice patio, good drink menu, friendly service.

Negatives- I tried Local Breeze shortly after it opened and really liked it. However, I returned recently to find a changed menu and mediocre food. The current menu is a mish mosh of steaks, lavosh pizzas, and random sandwiches. I couldn't quite make the connection, and I found the taste just so-so. 

With so many great restaurant options downtown, this would not be my first choice.
By the time I got seated (not at a table, but at the bar, in a group of 4, so we couldn't even talk to each other) after 5 hours, we were so WASTED from drinking in the "pen" next door that any pizza would have been good.  I think they mask the average-ness of their pizza by making sure you are drunk by the time you get to eat it.  OVERRATED.
It has been a while since my previous visit to this place and the meal I had then was far from memorable. Today I decided to give it another try while my car was being serviced at the AAA service facility a block away. I ordered the spicy bento to get a better sampling of things this restaurant offered. The meal was a disappointment: the rice of the sushi had a watery texture, the spicy chicken and spicy beef were overly salty, and the vegetable curry was no more than a starchy gravy with some bits of overly mushy vegetables.  On the positive side, the place is bright and clean and the service is fast. Those are not enough to bring me back, though, since food is the main draw for me as far as dining establishments are concerned.
I probably visit 100 different Starbucks per year in my travels.  This is 1 of my favorites.  The store font is perfect and captures the beauty of the Phoenix Sunrise which makes the mood that much more perfect at a coffee shop in the AM.  The staff is very friendly and upbeat as should be the case for a morning coffee shop.  The patio is huge with lots of outdoor seating and the inside is really cool how they have a long leather bench that runs the length of the store and lots of 2 tops all the way down it.  Lots of seating and comfortable.
Nothing beats good coffee, homemade pastries and breakfast dishes.  Everything tastes fresh and delightful. The best yogurt parfait I had ever eaten, smooth, soft with balanced crunchiness from the granola.  Not too sweet, just right!  Wish I could have this everyday.  Will definitely come back to Phoenix for this place!
This golf course is pretty good, not outstanding, but good. A few memorable holes, and a decent tournament course when they speed up the greens and make tough pins. The 9th and 18th holes are nice and tough, with water and bunkers by the green, but there's a lot of birdies out here. The long-hitters will love this golf course, all par 5's are somewhat reachable for the bombers. In a month, the bermuda rough will come out of dormancy and the course will be a little more demanding off the tee. Fun experience, just wish I woulda made the cut last week on the gateway tour. :)
4 stars
I went to Marquis back in March 2011 for an ultrasound.  The tech and the procedure were fine and I don't have any complaints with that.  However, the office had incorrectly billed my insurance, so I had to pay approximately $85 to Marquis for an out-of-network appointment, even though this place was in-network.  They use a third party (out of state) billing office and those employees were very rude and not cooperative.  At least the $85 that I paid went towards satisfying my insurance deductible for the year.  Cheryl, who is in the local office on 3rd St. and is person I was told to work with to coordinate with their billing department, was very unhelpful and never seemed to care that this was done incorrectly.   Finally after months of back and forth, they reluctantly resubmitted (incorrectly for different reasons) another claim.  My insurance company did the right thing and adjusted the claim to show as in-network.  Once that happened, the $85 that went towards the deductible was subtracted, so I would still owe $85 for any future doctor visits in order to meet my deductible.  Basically, I paid Marquis $85 and had to pay an additional $85 worth of deductible to my insurance company (after the reversal) to satisfy the individual deductible for the year.   After this occurred, I decided to contact a manager at my insurance company, so he could help resolve this issue and get a refund from Marquis.  It has been 15 months (yes almost a year and a half), and I have still not received a refund from Marquis.  I called to talk to the general manager about a month ago to inform them that I was going to give them another chance for my business, despite this ongoing issue.   I had left a detailed message for the GM through a different employee and briefly explained the history and my concern about going back there because of the issues.  The GM never called me back, so that was final straw.  It's very unfortunate that they would let this continue for so long and lose business over a trivial amount of money.  For me, it's the principle that outweighs the dollar amount.   I would never go there again or recommend this place to of my friends.
Best Chicken Salad Ever.
For the record; I LOVE Nello's Pizza. Particularly their pepperoni pineapple pizza. However, this location has disappointed me twice now, which is extra sad as I just moved nearby. The service has been mediocre at best. They maybe check on my table twice before asking if we are ready for the check. The first time I was there, they were out of every drink I asked for. No hot coffee, zero bags for hot tea, but the waiter was nice enough -although he seemed higher up than a waiter as he kept stating things like "oh no I haven't had tea here in ages." "No I don't think I carry that right now." Cool. Then to top that experience off, for the 1st time ever, I didn't enjoy my pizza. It seemed kinda....not old...but certainly not freshly made. Finally, last night's experience was fine but again our waitress checked on us once to refill our drinks and that's it. I tried something new and was disappointed with my selection: the spaghetti and meat sauce (a family recipe, according to the menu). I once heard that Americans make spaghetti all wrong because we focus all about the sauce when it should be all about the noodle. This dish proved that. There was so much sauce and tomato clumps, I could hardly find any spaghetti. And this wouldn't have been so bad if the sauce was something special but it was really quite bare of seasonings. 

I'll probably be visiting the Mesa location from now on.
When my mom suggested we eat at a simple casual Mexican restaurant for her birthday/my brother's grad school graduation celebration, I was a little surprised. She herself has only been in one other Mexican restaurant years ago and loved it...no wait, I take that back. She's been in one other one but did not enjoy it as much as the first time. Eh. Anyhoo...My brother suggested Arriba because it is one of his favorite restaurants. (Note: I keep encouraging him to yelp about his favorite places in Phoenix since he lives there.) 

It was not terribly crowded for a Saturday afternoon, which was nice. I was pleased to learn that they have brunch options which is served until 4 PM on the weekends, if I recall. Up until the restaurant, I had trouble deciding what I wanted to eat since I had gained some weight being around family....eh, that happens right? I opted for the make your own omelet, and it came with beans and some potatoes. The potatoes were bland and needed a little salt for flavor. My dad who has never stepped in a Mexican restaurant, only because he is not a huge fan or an expert in Mexican cuisine, enjoyed his carne asada and rice. His plate was CLEAN! He did say he would come back again, and for my dad to say that is a good thing. My mom and brother shared some a lot of food, but honestly I was not paying attention to what they ordered. Oh and for dessert? We had 3 orders of the flan. I still stand by that my mom makes the best leche flan ever, but the one at Arriba was just as tasty. I think the cinnamon sprinkles help. ;-)  

Overall, I would have to say that we as a family enjoyed this place. Sadly, our trip in Phoenix was too short otherwise we would have gone back for at least a second round. We were seated right away and had great service. 

PS: The little to-go menus at the front are slightly different than the big menus at the table. I only know because my dad wanted to order something else from the small menu, and apparently it is only served during the week.
Loved sitting outside on a Spring night. We had 8 people at the table and decided to get multiple apps, salads and entrees and split them. It was excellent. Loved it all, salads were great as well as the steak. Definitely would go back.  Service was soild.
As a midway point between the Southern and Northern stops along Saturday's Downtown Pub Crawl route, Turf enjoyed consistent traffic and was well-prepared for the waves of drinkers coming in and out of the door. 

As an event organizer I was more interested in the experience of the Pub Crawlers than my own and by those perimeters Turf did very well but I will offer up some constructive criticism:

1. Music. On a night like Saturday nobody is interested in Local Singer Songwriter Guy; get a jukebox and give the people high-energy music they're familiar with. If you want to keep the Irish theme, mix in some Flogging Molly, The Pogues, Dropkick Murphys, Swell Season or, I don't know, U2.

2. Smile. Nobody likes a crabby bartender much less three crabby bartenders. 

3. Bathrooms. Turf's sister pub Seamus McCaffrey's had cleaner bathrooms on Saturday and if that's not an indictment I don't know what is.

Overall Turf is a very nice drinking destination that makes a decent plate of fish n' chips. If you're making the rounds in Downtown Phoenix you should check 'em out.
Wow great breakfast place.  It's a relatively small family run restaurant with a very friendly atmosphere. All 4 of us had great dishes, even my two picky kids!

We had raspberry pancakes, a basic bacon and eggs dish, a sausage, potato and egg scrambler, and their special, the San Francisco Scrambler.  All were very tasty and big portions.  Their toast was great and comes with a delicious strawberry jam.

I would definitely  recommend the San Fran scrambler, but sub the ground beef for chorizo...really great dish!
After a long day on the golf course with my Father and Brother we decided to give The Grind a chance. We were craving a burger and shake and wanted to try out this 1000 degree coal burger experience. Unfortunately we never got to the food.

We sat down at 6pm on a Saturday with out any problems, there was only 1 other table seated and now I understand why it was so empty. I am not a fan of pretentious places like this really. We are given some weird little folded up paper menus (that were stained with sauce) that when opened up read like I am at a fancy steakhouse. It took me a few seconds to even figure out where the burgers were on there. After looking though 15 or so different burger concoctions I decide on a $12 BBQ burger and realize that I now have to fork over $4 more for some fries. $16 for a burger fries? Wow, it must be good!

We all request a shake but our waiter (skinny guy with black moustache and goatee) explains that they don't have vanilla ice cream. He left and got us some waters and then when he came back we point out that there is a Fry's supermarket a few stores down and perhaps they could send one of the 5 other waiters that were sitting at the bar doing absolutely nothing to go get a $3 gallon of vanilla. He rudely explains that they have been going to Fry's for many weeks when they run out and it's too expensive to keep doing it so they were just going to wait until Monday comes along and their regular ice cream is delivered. Wow. All three of us look at each other in disbelief. Did he really just say that? We actually pressed him again about how easy it would be for them to send 1 person to go get ice cream from Fry's so they could make us the shakes that are on their menu and he got even more rude and told us the exact same story again. So because of their inadequate ice cream ordering skills the customer is now banned from ordering a shake  that is on their menu? 

Is this guy telling me that rather than make at least $80-$90 off the three of us that going down to Frys to spend $3 is going to cause financial problems for the grind? In a business where customer service is so important and it's extremely hard just to get people in the door I am shocked that this server didn't care in the least about making the customer happy. In fact as we voiced our opinion out loud to him and the rest of the staff they pretty much laughed at us and did absolutely nothing to try and repair the situation. 

All of this because a lazy, smart ass, waiter didn't give two hoots about the business or the customers in it. I would rather go to Wendy's and give them $12 for a Baconator than ever have to deal with that crew of amateurs again. I give this place a few months max before it is gone. 

Go to 5 guys if you want a hamburger done right, they are adding milk shakes to their menu very soon as well which will make it perfection.

I will be sure to let everyone I know how sad this place is.
Without question, the best customer service you will ever receive.  Christopher and Rosalee went out of there way to help me get an amazing diamond for a bridal set I already owned.  They mounted the stone for us and I must say it looks absolutely amazing!  I will certainly be returning to see them for all future jewelry needs.

Thank you Christopher & Rosalee!!
-Mark & Amanda
This has to be one of the worst restaurants in Scottsdale.  The food is just pitiful.  The service is OK as befitting a small neighborhood restaurant.  We had egg rolls that were so dripping in oil that it was leaking out as you picked them up.  Bright yellow oily drippings. Not cool.  The kung pow was so-so as was the garlic chicken.  The best part of the meal was the almond cookie!  Even the fortune cookie was sub par. I will not be returning!
We have been going here since open.......
Have gone through the menu line by line
All excellent
I am a veal guy and love theirs
Staff makes the place
Wife & I are their biggest fans!!
I had bought a groupon for this place to try them out as we love Beni Hana & this seemed like a good deal. Went on a Wed about 5p with my 2 kids for my bday dinner as the kids have been wanting to go to Beni Hana so figured we'll give this a try. We were the 1st ones there for dinner. We got seated by our friendly waiter, Jim. We excused ourselves so the kids and I could go wash our hands from a day at the museum. Got back to our table and 2-3 other family start showing up. One was a family of 4 who sat at the next table from us and a couple that was in front of us. Jim was friendly, explaining how it's happy hour and I could save the groupon for a later date since I'll be paying same or less with the special which was cool as I was starting to like the place already with the happy hour. :) My son wanted pizza (he only wanted to see the cooking part) so we ordered him a side of edamame & figured he'll eat with me, I ordered a chicken teppan since I wanted the C-5 shrimp, steak & scallop but it was only on the lunch menu but not dinner (so a suggestion to consider putting it in dinner menu) and when asked if I could get it for dinner, they said I could get the T-9 in it's place which is $40 so no thanks ($20 diff. from lunch menu because it's Lobster, shrimp & scallop but they were going to give me steak, shrimp & scallop). I declined and got the chicken teppan instead and & ordered a some Las Vegas rolls to go with it and looking forward to the 'show' for the kids. My daughter ended up ordering Yakisoba with chicken and we asked for only noodle & chicken since she does not like veggies. Well, it took awhile but the edamame, soup and salad came then we noticed the next table with the family had the cook came out with the cart and started cooking for them. Hmmm...I didnt think of anything and figured ours was coming soon. My kids on the other hand noticed and my daughter asked why they got their food first since we were there first. I just said, maybe they had something simple and enjoyed my appetizer and sushi, not paying attention as figured I'll watch when ours come. We waited then waited..my kids now wondering and myself too why our food is still not out. Our waiter probably sensed it so he came over and said there was some sort of mixup and that our food was being cooked at the other  table and left. I was speechless and confused at first and my kids asked what he'd meant and I told them. My daughter got teary eyed and said but we were here first, why did they do that? I said I didnt know and I'll see what happened. I asked Jim when he returned with my daughter's meal and said it's because they dont normally cook for 1 teppan order and since we'd sat down first, they didnt want to have to ask us to move. We would of gladly moved to or switched seats to have the other family joined us if that was the case and we were told! So...now frustration sets in and my daughter keeps asking why they did that to us and seeing her food which we'd ordered only noodle and chicken, she began to cry as her meal came with everything, veggies and all. I told her I'll take care of it and dont worry. Meanwhile, Jim came back and I told him this was supposed to be only noodle and chicken which he said he'll take care of it and have them remake it for her. I asked him why they did this as it's not right as the reason we came was because my kids wanted to watch the chief cook and he doesnt understand & he'll ask the manager again. By this time, I was not a happy camper with 2 hungry kids and had lost my appetite with a big lump in my throat so I asked Jim for them to just bag our food up as we're leaving.  A few minutes later, a manager name Jim Lee came out to speak to us and apologized for what had happened and said that he'll comp our whole meal for the inconvenience and misunderstanding. I said thank you and he left. He came back shortly (guess he heard afterwards I wanted the foods packed to go) to asked if we'd still like to eat there in which I said no, we're still going to leave as we're done. Jim had my daughter's food packed up and I boxed my leftover sushi and chicken teppan that finally came much later after the cook at the other table got done and we left.  My kids and I were so disappointed so we came back into town again next day and went to Beni Hana where the kids fully enjoyed the show. 

The food was not bad but the sushi (I got the Las Vegas) was delicious and best I had and happy hour prices were great. Would of been a 5 star had everything gone smoothly and we had the meal cooked for us like we'd thought. Jim, our waiter was great and I could tell he felt bad. Just wished it had gone better. I appreciate the manager coming out to talk and comping the food as had that not have happened to change my mind about this place, I would never consider returning and this review would of gone all south. My kids never want to go back there again. I MIGHT give them another try for the sushi. Just trying to be detailed.
I'm so torn as I write this review.  The atmosphere and service is unparalleled. The sweetest, cutest servers with really excellent attitudes make me want to come back, and the '50s style motif is very cool. The manager came over to see how we were doing and he was very interested to know if we were happy with everything. But...I wasn't totally satisfied. The ice cream was great - nice and creamy and real.  We split the pippen Jolly Green Giant and when it came out we were a bit underwhelmed. They made it seem to grandiose, and it was just...eh. Regular mint choco chip ice cream with some mini choco chips sprinkled on top. My mom had the Cafe Ole and loved it. My papa had a sundae with caramel sauce and loved it. It did seem a bit overpriced, but the experience was worth it.
Had the grilled chicken avocado panini and the tex-mex salad, both were amazing. Really wish there were more places like this around the valley.
came here for our department holiday party and this restaurant was amazing! the staff was great, the view of the surrounding mountains and citrus trees were amazing, their food was amazing. their Bloody Mary was pretty delicious, nice and spicy and comes with a jumbo shrimp! the sticky bun that comes out when you first arrive is to die for! super warm and gooey goodness!
Was back in town for a friend's wedding and I came to Ted's the next morning.  I went to ASU and used to eat here all the time.  It is as good as I remember it.
I don't mess with the fries or onion rings anymore because I think they are just average.  Start my order with one red hot.  Then it's a chili cheese dog with onions.  
Awesome!!  

Always get one red hot and go from there.
I believe L&Ls quality of food have gone down throughout the years.  It is that or it has always been mediocre, but my taste buds accepted anything when I was in college.  However, I do remember, the katsu chicken was more meat and less breaded back in the day.

This particular L&Ls has its own flavor as they serve kimchee to the menu.  I think it's pretty cool each chain can add its own niche to their store.  What else can I say?  For those that have never had Hawaiian BBQ before, you will love the flavor and mac salad.  On the other hand, for those that know their Hawaiian BBQ, we have seen better days L&Ls.  We will come back when my wife and I get our occasional college cravings back in San Diego...although that does not happen very often.
Five Guys is pretty new on the scene on Mill and fits in very well with the college style and crowd that it will cater to.  This place is by no means a gourmet restaurant, but they put out decent food at a decent price.
The inside is very well lit and very clean with white tiled walls with red highlights and free peanuts for snacking on.  Service is quick and friendly with food being made as it is ordered.
My burger was well cooked, but not dry and overdone; well prepared and still juicy.  The toppings are very fresh and can be picked to suit with a large variety.  Being able to just pick and choose your toppings to your heart's desire is kind of a neat aspect of this place and gives the customer the ability to customize their burger.  The fries were the weakest part of the meal since they were a bit on the soggy side and left room for improvement.  I did like the choice of regular fries or cajun, which gave the fries a bit more flavor and taste and actually bumped up fries a bit.  However, I really like my fries to be a bit more crispy and less soggy/limp.
I've been to a much nicer amusment park or even just a fair. $25 for unlimited rides that open at 6pm-11pm for me sound like a ripped off. The rides are kinda lame. This place is poorly designed. They're trying to fit as much in such a small space. The wait for rides aren't long at all I guess that's a good part. It's so sad that Phoenix is a big city but this is all we've got.
I came here with a pre-bought discount coupon and ordered the chicken and filet entrees and the eggplant appetizer. The chicken and eggplant were both decent, but the filet was horrible. The meat tasted strange and definitely not anything like the delicious filet I've had at mediterranean restaurants before. 

The chicken entree is priced decently, and the meat is moist and flavorful, but I would definitely never recommend the filet.
I plan on contacting these people tomorrow about replacing the apple I bought from them.  The apple people completely downloaded a new operating system for me and I still can't open Hotmail, gmail, Utube etc.  Everything is okay if you don't have to sign in to anything.  The people at the Apple store have said they have never seen anything quite like it.  I will fill you in on what the Do.  If they aren't willing to work with me, I intend to contact  University president, the BBB, And one of the television stations that helps with things like this.

At this point for anything more than furniture or small office supplies, I say AYOR.
I've been a frequent visitor of this mom and pop coffee house for about twenty years now and can honestly say that their variety of different mocha concoctions (my personal favorites) puts them head and shoulders above the corporate coffee giants that surround it, be it your Starbucks, Coffee Bean, and Dutch Brothers.

If I were to recommend a few of my go-to drinks that will undoubtedly give you that kickstart you're looking for, I'd go with either the Iced White Chocolate Mocha with Peanut Butter syrup and a packet of Sugar In The Raw.  Absolutely delicious!  Also, found on their specialty menu, you'll find the Iced Neapolitan (Chocolate, Vanilla, Strawberry) and the Tropical Treat (Coconut and Almond).  Very unique, smooth flavor from both of them will keep you coming back for more!

The staff is very friendly and accomidating, and the interior has a very comfortable feel that invites you to spend some time there and relax.

Love the place and will continue to stop by when I'm looking for something a little out of the box compared to the usual fare offered by the big boys surrounding the area!
I really enjoy coming here for the happy hour/reverse happy hour. The staff is hit or miss, if you a have a good one then you will be well taken care of unfortunately if you have a bad one prepare to wait forever to even order. 
I'd love a few more vegetarian options on there but I definitely make do with what they've got. Drinks are usually good but sometimes a little strong for me, but I'm a wuss so people who like to taste the alcohol will like them a lot. :) 
They aren't really prepared for younger kids to come in so keep that in mind if you are bringing family. Oh. and its ALWAYS really loud with the music.
This review is based on the $45 /night rate I got on Hotwire.

I stayed here for four nights when getting together with family at my sister's house for  Christmas.  The hotel has clearly seen its better days.  The building is dated, the rooms have tube TV's, and the wi-fi is VERY slow.

However, it was a great value for the price.  The rooms were decently spacious, and had Sleepnumber beds.  Overall, the property was very clean.  The hot tub outside was great for relaxing.  It's a short drive from the airport, which was also a big plus.  Finally, the staff was courteous and helpful, even though they were working over the holidays.

If you're looking for a top hotel, this is not it.  However, if you're looking for a value, I would highly recommend this place.
I LOVE popcorn a lot. But I didn't want to go in with high hopes. I'm glad I didn't. When we went in it was about 1pm and it was almost dead silent in there and it took a few minutes before we were greeted. We looked around and grabbed a prickly pear soda (which I recommend) and some of the more novelty candy. They asked if we wanted a menu and we said yes. As we were over looking it the staff was talking loudly from front to back store about when they're taking their breaks. I personally find it unprofessional. When we finally decided we said we wanted a small. And they have different names for different sizes there. So she said in a rude tone 'mini or small??' While pointing above at the size bags on the shelf. And my boyfriend asked her to repeat something because he couldn't hear her and she said VERY S-L-O-W-L-Y back to him as if he was stupid. And that set me off. It was rude and very uncalled for. So customer service this place fails. I got the Meyer lemon and the chipotle cheddar. I am a huge lemon fan so I wasn't surprised that it didn't have a huge lemon taste but it wasn't bad. I'd get it again. The cheddar one however was soggy and not very crunchy. The taste was good but I wouldn't get it again. I'd like to go back at a different time when she is not there and try some of the other many flavours. I do hope they get better associates.
Had breakfast, it was good. Stayed in my room till night to swim. And when down town for a bit to eat. This is alright. Staff are good.
What did you do to the bar area? You took away the authenticity and intimacy of this once great place. You blew it!
Love it, I love this place so much I would eat here everyday if I could, Although I would probably weigh a thousand pounds.
I love the beef tacos and I don't think as many Mexican places as are in the state of Arizona I have found one that is comparable in quality . Hands down eat here !!!
The chicken wings are pretty good but they are very small.  But when they are as cheap as they are, I guess you get what you pay for.  Overall you can do a whole lot worse at a chicken wing joint.
Best street tacos in the Valley!  We find ourselves at this little hole-in-the wall at least once a week - more when my husband is craving their breakfast burrito on Sunday mornings.  

My favorite is the carne asada with just cilantro and onion with their delicious red sauce.  Hubby goes for the chorizo and chicken tacos.  Everyone we take there is immediately hooked.

Even better?  Every employee is friendly, helpful and so welcoming.  You feel like you just showed up in their backyard and they are your new friends.
These people are the friendliess people ever. There is usually enough people in the store where at least 2 people or more ask if you need help. They know so much and one cashier even knows our company name and enters it before we get to the register. Way to go customer service!!!!!!!!!!!!!!11
Go DBacks!!!
Yum yum yum! I love this place's breakfast burrito and their carne asada. For some reason, the first time I went to the 7th ST location, i didn't like it. However, I came back after about 6 months and now I am addicted!

I do prefer this location over the 7th street for some reason. This location seems to have a nicer staff. Plus it's close to some really awesome antique shops! Makes for a great pre-antiquing breakfast!
This is a great family owned business! They are always so nice & helpful. The owner always makes conversation & make you feel like a person letting you know your business is appreciated. The lot with goodwill & big lots is super sketchy but don't let that shy you away from this dry cleaner. They also do alternations which makes it nice to take everything to one place. Their prices are good no need to go to a z cleaners or a prestige. In fact the short time I was taking my clothes to Zs in north scottsdale was sooooo expensive it literally would have been more than worth the time and gas to drive down to Arcadia & drop them here.
Food is good.  Restaurant was cold, literally -  as evidenced by other people wearing their coats and the server (Chris)  telling us "someone else said that".   Took forever to get service.  Server spilled water on the table when trying to fill a glass then spilled wine on the table when trying to fill a glass..  Water is one thing - I'm paying for the wine he poured  on the table.  I ordered a salad with dinner, it never showed up.  Not worth a second visit.
Great pub...Always a great selection of rotating taps, including some locals. The food is good pub food, but everyone comes for the beer and patio (when weather is nice). Staff is very friendly and efficient. Stop by after work at least once a week for a few ice cold pints.
Very good food 

Awesome service 

Price a little steep for the type of food

I will return.
My friend who used to live in Denver, where I believe Snooze is based, told me before they opened that the food was wonderful. Well, she was right. I can't believe my good fortune that they moved into the Town & Country in my 'hood. I came after a doctor's appt because I was starving from fasting. 

I sat at the bar and was immediately greeted by the friendly bartender. Another lady saw my bandage from having blood drawn and was considerate enough to ask me if I wanted a piece of toast or something. I ended up ordering a "flight" of pancakes where you can order 1 of 3 different flavors. Whoever decided to offer that option is, in my opinion, a brilliant person. I also love that they have such distinct and interesting pancake options. I ended up noshing on carrot cake (which ended up being the fave), sweet potato and a "pancake of the day" which had chocolate chips and cherries. I got a side of the house-made chicken sausage which was amazing. I'm not sure what herbs they seasoned with but it looks like a pounded, cubed steak. But it was very moist and not too salty. 

I've only been back there another time since and I exercised the half and half option for their "art of hollandaise" items. Another great option! I got to try two kinds of but the winner was the Havana Benny. Here's the description: Shaved Niman Ranch ham and slow roasted pork served over a savory Swiss cheese bread pudding and topped with poached eggs, Dijon hollandaise and diced house pickles. The ham was really the winning ingredient here but all of it came together nicely. 

I noticed this place draws a varying demographic. I saw families with kids and grandmas like one would see at IHOP. But I also saw hipsters on the patio and at the bar. I'm not sure if the place's popularity is at play or because it's new, but weekends, expect an hour wait for brunch. Otherwise, try to go on a week day.
This is my new favorite No. Scottsdale spot for dinner!  Hubby & I went for Fashion Night Out at Kierland Commons and enjoyed their price fixe menu. (It saved us about $12)
Starter - Smoked Salmon Bruschetta  Very smokey and plentiful. So good I took the leftovers home for breakfast the next day!
Main Course-Short Rib with creamed potatoes, carrots and pearl onions.  They couldn't have prepared this dish any better in my opinion. Short rib was flavorful, moist and plentiful.  I had to take half of this home too.  The creamed potatoes were "lick the plate clean" good!
Dessert-Chocolate Cake, this was my only disappointment-kind of bland or perhaps I was just plain too full to enjoy another bite!

We received great service and loved the comfortable, yet upscale feel.
You may have missed Fashion Night Out, but don't miss this gem of a restaurant!!!
Time for a review update... My initial "oh-my-god-there's-a-vegan-restaurant-a-mile-from-my-house" infatuation is now over. I live very close to LH, so I go there a lot.

Loving Hut is pretty good, they have some very tasty dishes (Spicy Cha Cha, BBQ Bagutte are some of my favs) and they have some not so great dishes.

The real reason for my drop-down in stars is that it's always a pain in the arse to order what you want at Loving Hut. You would think that a vegan restaurant would be totally okay with substitutions, omissions, etc (as that's what vegans must do at most restaurants), but no, it's always a royal pain at loving hut.

The other day my wife wanted to try the "Tuno" (faux tuna) sandwich on the baguette roll instead of sliced bread. I called in to place a phone order and tried to order it. I made it clear that I would be happy to pay a bit extra for the baguette bread if necessary. Didn't matter. They would not do it. No way, no how. I tried to bargain with the phone employee who blamed it on someone else and said she had to go "check with the cook" if it was possible. How would it not be possible to use a different type of bread that they already have? Either way, they would not budge at all. So I couldn't get what I wanted, very annoying and frustrating.

I've also tried other substitutions and dish modifications and it's always a pain.

They no longer give free refills on Iced Tea (citing costs), which is disappointing.

One day I asked about the complementary appetizer soups that they give in store, asking if I could get it for to go orders. The employee I spoke with explained that they don't give it out on to go orders because of soup container costs, but if I brought in my own soup container they'd be happy to give me some. So the next time I placed a to go order, I brought in a little plastic soup bowl and requested some. They barely gave me any soup in it and they gave me a hard time about it.

Bottom line is that they need to be better at providing what the customer wants and less about penny pinching, as it is very annoying and it does not make me want to go back.

Changing up the menu by offering unique, limited time dish specials would also greatly improve the place, as much of the menu seems to be very similar (the same flavored soy protein is in just about everything).

Hoping they can improve...
If you haven't been here yet what the hell are you waiting for!!!  I'm addicted to this place the carne asada burro is outstanding top notch try it. Do it do it
We were in town for a weekend away and our hotel book the reservation.  This place was amazing from the moment we sat at the bar to the time we waddled out of the joint 2 hours later.

The bar:  Classic, perfectly lit, bartender was about as good as it gets (and I can't remember his name).  We had a great bottle of white (Italian) with our friends and chatted with the bartender about dinner suggestions.  Was pleased that of all the items on the menu he actually walked us through many, he asked us questions about what we like and steered us appropriately.

Getting to the food:  It was the first week of October and we chose to sit outside....ahhh, perfect.  The only hiccup of our entire experience came when 10 minutes after seating us we still hadn't been approached by a server.  We flagged the hostess (What's the right way to call the person who greets you, seats you and is one of the owners?) and she couldn't stop apologizing.  What was great was that instead of sticking one of the waiters on us, she saw how much fun we had at the bar and had the bartender act as our server as well.

Food:  Needless to say we all were guided to wonderful dinner choices.  I can honestly say that this was the absolute best pasta-centric meal I've ever eaten.  Mine had 1/2 a lobster, an amazing sauce and other goodness in it.  Is it possible for pasta to melt in your mouth?  Mine did.  The other 3 at the table had the same experience.  We also had a wonderful tour of Italy via the wine that was paired with things.  Dessert was amazing as well.

Marcellino had the quaintness of a family owned place combined with the experience and food quality of a fine restaurant.  I cannot say enough about the quality of the food and the service.  If you have the chance, go there!
Went here once with a friend who was excited to drink some tequila at a bar that specializes in it. However, once we got the menu we were ready to go.  Prices for their various tequila shots were insane.  We settled on the happy hour shot (which was still a little pricey), paid our bill and were off to Robbie Foxes next door.
I was meeting a friend for lunch today at Oregano's. We got there promptly at 11 and got a parking spot and tablemmediately. We ordered calamari as a starter. This was the absolute worst calamari that I ever tasted! It didn't even look like calamari. It was thick strips that tasted very very fishy. I understand that calamari is seafood, but this tasted like bad fish, plus it was way over coated and salty. We sent it back and ordered fried ravioli. When it arrived, it too, was way over salted and tasted stale. We ate a few but didn't send it back. Next came our pizza. We ordered the lunch slices. The portion was a good size, but the pizza was very mediocre and the crust had the same stale flavor as the ravioli. Although the service was good, the food was very bad and I would not recommend Oregano's to anyone.
THE best salsa I've had in a while and great, crispy chips.  Our waitress, Laurie, was attentive and food arrived hot and fast.  I had the Chicken Pibil Tacos (in honor of the Taco Festival in Scottsdale this weekend) and loved them.  A focus of Manuel's seems to be on customer service and it shows.  Great place for lunch-will be trying out the dinner menu soon.
I love the cheesecake factory! I've been to this location several times. The management is very active and concerned with the individual customer and the food is amazing of course. My mom and I were there on wednesday night, it was busy for a weeknight, but the service was good and the waiter took his time with us. We originally were seated at a small table sandwiched between a group of teenagers and a woman that was (literally) screaming in my mothers ear (I believe she had some old-age hearing loss). I went to the hostess booth and requested to be moved outside, and the hostess moved us without problem. 
We ordered the Orange chicken and Bellagio chicken and shared both of them. Both dishes were delicious and distinctive. The portions were big enough to have food left over for the following day. We finished off with Godiva cheesecake and Kaluah cheesecake. Everything was incredible. $72 dollars for two people is not what I would call cheap, but it was an amazing meal and well worth it. :)
The cocktail menu and HH food are divine.  Now that downtown finally feels like, oh you know a downtown, we needed a new place to hang out other than the butcher and hanny's.  Blue Hound has a great GM, a great mixologist and helpful staff.  They have the classics libations as well as reimagined ones, some even involving scotch.  The lunch specials are enough to put you into a food coma, I will say that dinner here can be challenging if your friends don't like to share food or are looking for more traditional fare.  (I do think they are a little heavy handed with the salt though).  Overall, I'm basically living here and should set up a little office in the corner next to the big community table.  In fact, I just gave myself an idea.
Favorite things to eat:  Flatbreads, the caramel corn, the falafal bites, anything on the lunch menu.
To drink:  The new Hemingway, the new Cuban, anything with bourbon or scotch in it.
It is a weird mix of suits and hipsters.  The upstairs bar is less suity though.
Let me start off by stating I am extremely picky when it comes to Italian food.  Lucky for them I didn't actually see any on their menu.  Sure it had names that could fool one into thinking they served some Italian style dishes what was brought to our table proved that to be a false belief.  

If you're looking for a place to have a drink while sitting in each others laps then this is the place for you.
Just had an amazing breakfast !   Awesome food, all homemade.  Very creative food combinations.  So exciting to have a new great restaurant choice in the neighborhood.
We get lunch at my office well, pretty much everyday. We usually stick to the reg spots, but one of the girls wanted to try this place. 

I had the Greek Pita w/ the pasta salad. It was pretty big but a little difficult to eat. Especially at your desk! I have to say though the pasta salad wasn't as great as I'd hoped. My coworker raves about the slaw. I hate it, so I couldn't tell ya, but I'd take her word... Take out was a little slow, but overall, for the price and what you got, I'd say it was worth. Good place to go for a quick lunch.
so i've heard this place is "as good" as bianco's....i wouldn't know because on principle alone, i absolutely, definitively REFUSE to stoke the ego and elitism of anyone req'ing me to wait 2 hours to eat their food. 

the place is cute and has plenty of room to avoid a 2 hour wait....and the pizza was good. wood oven baked so it had that little burnt crispy edge. we had the mahhhhgahhhhrita pizza and it was enough to stave our pizza crave. and then we indulged in their version of the desert pizza cookie. although quite bigger than oregano's, it wasn't as sweet, but altogether still tasty! 

for our pizza, half the desert, a glass of wine....20 bucks for 2 people!
What a gem
Staff was amazing and skilled in the fine art of customer service. My wife and I are locals that wanted a staycation sans kids and to celebrate my wifes bday. I booked on Hotels.com and called the resort to confirm. Nina was awesome and asked if we were celebrating a special occasion. Some reviaewers mentioned the snooty attitudes of the valet staff and tcooksstaff. We had no such issues at all. They were all wonderful and if you tried to tip valet they reminded you about the resort fee an no tip policy. After a pleasant happy hour at t cooks with excellent service we retired to our room only to discover a clean room and chocolates for my wife. 
We will be coming back.
All I can say is WOW!  This event is great for the family and even better for the team building effort.  My manager set up all 10 of us for an evening ride down up to a steakhouse.  We dined well on adult beverage and huge slabs of meat.  The night ride back couldn't be described in words.  The lights over the city and heavenly view is something that will always be remembered.  I think our rate was like $50 a person.  What a steal and wonderful value.......  The crew were extremely friendly and I'm now taking my family back tomorrow.
This place was as awesome as all the reviews said it would be. It was very very good with good service and the food came out quickly. We also had the creme brulee for dessert but not the best I've ever had and for what you pay you don't get that much that is the only reason for the four star rating.
This coffee shop is awesome. Met the owner who was my server. They love their neighborhood. No long waits, everything is great.

I visit here every trip down from Flagstaff.
SMEEEKS! I do love this place. It's a great place to find fun knick-knack toys and it has lots of fun candy to choose from. It's great because a lot of the candy is more old fashioned - it feels like you're in an old-school candy store.

The staff is nice and they always have lots of sodas to choose from to go along with your candy.

They are a little more expensive than going to walmart to pick up some candy, but they are a local store! I  love to support local and recommend you do too!
****I have also posted this under Shampoo Ink's Yelp page because that is the salon she works at, but for the sake of fellow deal hunters she puts her deals under "Nails by Gaylee"****


I found Gaylee via one of the daily deal type sites and booked her for Shellac.  Having recently over the past year become obessed with Shellac  (My job is rough on my hands and I gave up getting a traditional manicure or painting my own nails because they would not withstand the abuse...and then I found Shellac and my love affair began) I am always looking for a good deal on it.  

I have gone to a couple of places (my usual discount place where normal manis are just fine..to find that their Shellac training isn't super...to other salons...to find that they mix Shellac with other off brands and then you have to go back twice to get them fixed in one week...don't get me started).  And then I found Gaylee.....

I don't know what she does different, maybe it is because she listens to me when I say my hands go through the ringer at work and puts two top coats on... I don't know...  But I have never had better Shellac manicures than I have had with her!  Now every time I see a deal of her's online (I am on a strict budget here people...sorry...I would rather spend more money on the tip than the product) I grab it...

Centrally located at Shampoo Ink, she is easy to get to when I am out and about running errands... She is flexible in her scheduling and witty in her chatting (last time I was in we actually looked up a new eatery down the street on Yelp mid manicure).  I would recommend her to anyone...

*Side note...parking is a b*tch at Shampoo Ink, but it is worth the minor annoyance to get the best Shellac manicure in town....
One of my very favorite places on the planet, and one that I would miss from the bottom of my cold black soul if I ever moved away.  I've been going to Last Chance for 12 years now, and it has seen me through college, crappy jobs, graduate school, my first real job, and many pants sizes.  Even now that I can afford to pay retail -- I can't stop going.  Why pay $120 for those velour Juicy cargo pants, when I can pay 29.90?  And at that price, I can get them in three colors!   I haven't paid full price for sneakers in forever.   While there is much sifting through trashed, worn out stuff, enduring the shrill screaming of numerous poorly behaved children, and strategically avoiding the shriveled up batty old Last Chance hawks (who resell everything on eBay)  the $19 black cashmere long sleeve t shirt I got last time was worth every second.
Cool samples often, live music, friendly employees.  Parking lot SUCKS!!!
I had not been to La Bocca for months...last time in March....and was really looking forward to meeting a good friend for dinner. When I walked in the restaurant it was busy (most tables full) and WARM! Too warm...almost hot. My friend and I were seated at a table by the window and noticed it was even warmer there, but as it was the only table in the place open...Although we had delicious brushetta and salads (and their great pinot grigio 'Little Black Dress') we didn't enjoy them much as the temp in the room had to be over 85 degrees. Our leisurely dinner turned into less than an hour and lets get out of here. But the place was PACKED so I guess most people didn't mind eating and sweating. Maybe that is how they manage to turn the tables over quickly???
this place is no longer Sheraton... go view InnPlace's reviews for the most recent experiences.
http://www.yelp.com/biz/innplace-hotel-phoenix
Cafeteria taste- airport friendliness
Owners are Korean, so go with someone who speaks Korean and you'll be "in." Even if not, this is the best sushi you'll find in the area. 

The location is a little bit tucked away in the mall. As for the special from the owner and see what they can make you. It's always creative. Service may be a bit slow but the quality is amazing.
I've been a fan of Pita Jungle since my ASU days, when I lived down the street from the Apache location. Now I live in the Arcadia area so this is the one we frequent. I haven't noticed a huge difference between the two locations, same great food, same stoned servers.

My usual is the Portabello burger. The balsamic marinade they use is fantastic. The presentation is a little messy, but once it hits your lips it's so good.  I pass on the new potatoes for steamed spinach and it's pretty amazing.

Everyone knows the hummus rocks. I love how they let you split up a small order between the roasted bell pepper and jalapeno cilantro. It's like a little hummus sampler for less than $5.

The service can be spotty, especially when it comes to drink refills, but I've surprisingly never had an order come out incorrectly. I normally would not be surprised by this standard service expectation being consistently fulfilled, but I have had some BAKED servers here, so the fact that they can remember my steamed spinach substitution each and every time is kind of impressive. So, good job, stoned servers. Maybe work on the drink thing, though.
They charged my card $3 more than the total I put it on the receipt! Hmmm
There is a reason this place is a Phoenix foodie institution...simple fare and baked goods done to perfection is a cool, artsy setting. everything is fresh and flavorful and it is fun to browse the market while waiting. Absolutely charming.
Great place to go for family horseback rides. I  really liked the set up and the ease with which they do paperwork, riding prep etc. They desert in north Scottsdale is beautiful this time aof year and the grounds are lovely for a spring ride. The staff was very helpful , courteous and knowledgeable.  I would go there again in a heart beat.
I've been a customer at the Blue Burger restaurant at the Summit for years now. I go there over and over primarily for the quality and consistently excellent preparation of the food. It has an excellent cooking and serving staff. Santos the chef and Collette the server are great! May I say that everyone who works at B.B. is excellent. It has a superior wine bar, and Jude (B.B. manager) is an expert in that area. They have great wine specials, as well. It's not just burgers, but soups, salads and pasta dishes are also on the menu. My favorite is a caesar salad and a turkey burger. Great location, lots of parking and reasonable prices make Blue Burger at the Summit a great choice for lunch or dinner. Russ C., Carefree, AZ.
When i lived in Arizona, i always traveled to their North Phoenix location.  Recently i was in Tempe and realized they opened one there.  The food was just as good and i was so happy to have my favorite Torta the Nortena Steak Torta! I can't wait to visit again when i'm in town.
Happened upon this place last night for pre-thanksgiving drinking after finding 5th and Wine having last call at 9pm. At first had trouble finding the place. Luckily we just happened to park in front of the non-descript storefront and heard music playing from within. We read the sign which peaked our curiosity and went to the back entrance. The wooden door in the back simply has a sign that reads above it "The Truth is Inside." It was a little intimidating because no one was around. No doorman or host. Walked in, finding myself in a cavernous, spacious room with sofas and tables scattered about. We must have looked lost as we were greeted and seated almost immediately. The ambiance of the place immediately appealed to me as it reminded me of low key hole-in-the-wall lounges from my time in New York. No deuce-baggery or typical crowd from party-town Scottsdale that you'd normally see in the area. Everyone seemed to be nestled in their own world with their friends, immersed in conversation or even just the moment. 

Only a couple draw-backs I found with the place. The server that was taking our orders was fairly bad, with my party having to literally waive him down every time. Also he seemed less knowledgeable about certain drinks than we did. Other tables had noticed this as well, with patrons seeming mildly frustrated. After waiting 10 minutes for my Old Fashioned. I asked another server where my drink was she retorted "I am sure your server will be with you shortly," and then walked away. I let it slide because they seemed under-staffed for the pre-thanksgiving crowd. The Old Fashioned itself was poorly made, watered down with too much club soda and an inordinate amount of fruit smashed at the bottom of my glass. I would recommend avoiding specialty cocktails, though I have not tried other drinks on their menu. I opted to try beer for the next round. The beer menu humored me a bit, as did the wine list. The owners seemed to really take the namesake Kazimierz "World" Wine Bar to heart. The beer and wine list seemed to be a melange of randomly selected beers and wines from different countries, with no real particular direction or reason. That being said I did try a random beer and it was not half bad. 

What really rectified the experience for me was the music. The deejay last night was incredible, a mix of old jazz, funk and soul beats; definitely played into my growing affinity to Kazimierz. If not for him, I think the overall experience would have been less palatable and the poor service would not have been tolerable. Definitely will be back a second time to see if Kazimierz can rectify the hiccups of last night. Honestly I fell in love with the place and think that I have found my new watering hole in Scottsdale.
After hanging out at Cartel all week I was skeptical how Press would compare.  Had a fantastic macchiato!  Baristas were very friendly.
Best bar in Old Town!!! KiKi rocks!!! Amazing drink specials, always fun and chill. Not your typical "snottsdale" bar. Thumbs up!!!
This place is awesome!! Very clean and the food is authentic and delicious!! So fresh!!! Yummy!! The price is awesome as well! You gotta try this place!!
When I first moved to Goodyear I really looked forward to having a Fry's Marketplace nearby. This Fry's is very clean and usually well stocked with everything you need except when there is extreme coupon deals then your out of luck. The customer service skills from some of the cashiers and management is lacking. I rarely get a "hello" or even a smile when I check out. Once I went in right when the store opened and waited over 20 minutes to get checked out because no one was there to run the register. I ran all over the store looking for someone and found everyone outside smoking cigarettes. The person there in charge did nothing about it so I had to wait until after work to report this and I was given a $20 gift card. Another time I didn't have a receipt but only wanted to exchange some hair dye I just bought but was told I couldn't. The other day I bought dish soap and wasn't aware my e-coupon for it was loaded to my card and you can't use a printed coupon with your e-coupon. I am aware of this. All I wanted to do was return the item for what I paid including the e-coupon used so I could apply my printed coupon and get $1 off. They wouldn't do it. They couldn't comprehend what I was trying to do and the manager told me to save my coupon for next time. Unfortunately, this is the only Fry's for Goodyear/Avondale area.
Don't do it!  My friend and I went there this evening for dinner as it had been a while.   Our drinks arrived fairly quickly as did our appetizer.  The drinks were ok, quality of liquor used was lower end.  Our entrees which were both cold sandwiches and seemed to take quite a while, which seemed odd.  We then passed on dessert.  This is where it went south.  We paid our bill and as my friend and I walked to my car, our waiter Scott accosted us asking if there was a problem with the service.  Keep in mind we left a 15% tip.  I'm not sure what his problem was, but we were in shock. We told him that we left his tip on the table and he walked away without an apology.  How unprofessional--either possibility if he thought we didn't leave enough, then he had a major attitude problem.  If he thought we didn't leave anything, then he was a total wad and physically blind.  Unprofessional service and mediocre food means no repeat visits.  I'm really surprised at the service received at some restaurants during this recession.  I've not received any replies to my reporting of the incident to Switch management via email on their website.
One of my favorites. The crispy chicken tacos are overstuffed with meat,lettuce,cheese and always filling. The prices are reasonable for what you get. Also like Julios g  too next door for quick take out  or "no Tip" casual meal. Self serve chips and mild chunky salsa  are terrific.
I ordered a chili dog only to realize later that the chili has whole beans in it. I should've asked first what kind of chili it was. I don't mind beans but ground up or crushed would've been better than whole. 

I had two dogs, both with chili, but even with the beans they were still okay. Tasty but no spiciness whatsoever.  The hot dog itself was good - just a little chewy, the way it should be.
The 5 star rating is based purely on their happy hour sushi menu.  We go and sit in the bar area and get the happy hour sushi.  It is so cheap and good.  Also great service.  I recommend the hand rolls and philly rolls.  I usually get 2 hand rolls and a philly, and it costs less than 10$ and is pretty filling! The fish tastes fresh and they use the best seaweed and rice.  Sometimes I will also get some nigri if I am extra hungry.  Best of all, dont forget the free hot green tea.
I love mongolian bbq. It's a simple process which is what I really enjoy most about it. But I don't get this place. Their process is super complicated. There are different sizes with different prices, and if you get more than one serving then you pay extra. We were all confused. Even our friends that have gone there before, were confused.You fill out a card, then hand it over once you've gathered all of your ingredients. You hand over your card and sit down. Then they bring your food to you. I feel this removes the whole mongolian bbq experience of watching them cook your food right in front of you. That's one of the reasons that attracts people to mongolian bbq, and they completely got rid of it. And they had super small containers for all the ingredients, which they had to keep refilling. Their whole process just seemed extremely inefficient. And they had have way too many people to work due to this inefficient process. It just doesn't make any sense to me. Granted the food was good and they had different flavored sauces and seasonings, but I don't think I'll be returning.
I came here with three friends, and we should have made a reservation! I think we waited about 40 minutes because we wanted a table outside. It was worth the wait. The place has a great atmosphere and a large patio in the back.  The back patio has a lot of trees, nice lighting, candles, and a fireplace. 

This place is a little on the expensive side, but all of us enjoyed our food and it is worth it for the ambiance. I had the Howie Burger, which is a gourmet burger with gruyere (which is a cheese), caramelized onions, and Dijon sauce. It was delicious! The hostess and server were both friendly. The server even asked us if we wanted separate checks, which was refreshing and made things easy! I will definitely be back.
Not much to look at on the outside, but best mexican food in Phoenix.  Actually voted #1 by local paper in 2009.  Very reasonable priced as well.  A must if you want good, low-key, mexican.
Had lunch here today with Rand H and Mike C and compared to other Chinese buffets it's just okay.  Nothing was really bad (except the Lo Mein noodles that tasted like they cooked in a burnt pan) and nothing really stood out as being really good.  I guess they recently did the flooring, and I found it to be very slippery, not good when you're carrying plates of food.

They had a decent selection of the typical items found on similar buffets.  I did find most of the appetizer stuff, like crab rangoon and pot stickers were a little too greasy.  The fried and breaded shrimp was tasty and I did like their style of egg foo yung.  The staff barely spoke English and when Mike asked what something on his plate was, our waiter thought he was asking for more and brought them to him.  The service was attentive, but would have been better if they understood what we were asking for.  

I wouldn't go out of my way to come back here, but if I was in the area and hungry and wanting a Chinese buffet, I'd definitely give them another chance.
Love the store sales and its always very organized. Only downfall is many tomes they do not have enough cashiers open or they wait LNG before opening more but otherwise a pleasure.  Also the customer service dept is quick and friendly with returns.
How do you add Yelp value to a business that has already been reviewed 579 times? What else can I say that has not been said before? Probably nothing, but I don't write Yelp reviews for you, I write them for me. And I love it.

So, lets face it, you're not scrolling through 578 reviews to find mine, and really, i'm not terribly offended by it. Let me do you (and me) a favor and break it down very simply and give you the hard.cold.facts:

The best day to go: Monday night

Why?: $20 for any bottle of wine and a bruschetta board (4 different types) starting 8pm

Strategy: go there 10-20mins before and scout out for a table. Expect an extremely long wait if you get there after 8pm

What to order (in order of tasty): [Bruschetta] Tomato jam and goat cheese, fig and prosciutto, Apple and brie, pesto and salami, pistachio and date, caprese (lacks balsamic vinegar and olive oil). [Other] Olives.

Don't bother getting: white bean hummus is pretty insipid and the artichoke dip doesn't add much to your meal, nor is on discount during their Monday specials.

Best group number: 2-4 is pretty perfect. Anything more will be hard to accommodate as the space is pretty small.

Overall impression: ridiculously good deal on Monday to share with 4-5 people, paying only $8-10 to get sufficiently tipsy and full. Location is classy, service is pretty decent but be aware that the parking situation sucks as the lot in front of it will tow you for parking there.
Tucked in the back of the Town and Country shopping center in Phoenix, is one of the best places for gluten-free foods, especially desserts, called Chakra 4 Herb & Tea House.  This unique store is a favorite among many healthy foodies and is the source for all things herbal, and the home to wonderful vegan and raw foods.  Every time customers enter the store they are greeted by the wonderful aroma of herbs and spices; and the view of a display case filled with petite delectable chocolate desserts!  

The list of menu items is quite extensive, but my favorite menu item it the Mother Earth Fudge Bar!  OMG, this chunky, chocolate bar is a chocolate-lover's dream!  This bar is so rich and yummy that you cannot eat the whole thing in the same day.  I typically divide it into thirds or fourths and eat a little bit every day.  Fabulous!!!  Apparently I am not the only one whole loves these bars because as soon as they make these, they sell out quickly!   Below are the ingredients:

Mother Earth Fudge Bar (Ingredients:  acai berries, cacao, spirulina, beet powder, coconut flakes, mineral salt, walnuts, cranberries, goji berries, almond butter, cacao nibs, and agave nectar syrup).  

Though majority of the menu items are gluten-free, please note that this restaurant is not a 100% gluten-free environment, so be sure to tell the waiter if you have gluten or other intolerance/allergies.
My toes have been sheltered from sunlight for quite some time now.  I wanted to get a pedicure before heading to Phoenix, but walking through the snow in flip flops just does not interest me.  Nico's mom and grandma go to V-K's so I gave them a try.

I walked in without an appointment and had to wait about 20 minutes before Jenna started her magic.  It was very nice that they let me wait in the pedicure chair to enjoy the chair massage and warm water on my tootsies.  The pedicure itself was great.  Jenna gave me a fabulous foot and leg massage and all for $20, which is what I spend in Spokane.  I couldn't have been happier about that.  I will be back for my next pedicure next time I'm back in Phoenix.
I went in to Paper Joy this past week and I have to say  it was the worst experience in my life.  I'm not sure if the owner saw us pull up in a beat up truck and me walk in with my mom and neice and nephew, and assumed we were poor and I was un-wed with two kids!!  Or if she is just this rude to everyone.  I walked into the small cramped space and was ignored, so I started looking around.  She has a few examples of invitations on her back wall, so I started to look at those, I was not impressed.  I finally went over to her desk and she finanlly asked if we needed help.  I told her I just got engaged and wanted to see some examples of invitations and save the dates, and she told me I had to make an appointment.  There wasn't anyone in the store, she was very rude, and I could tell she was passing judgment on us.  She must not have seen the rock on my finger! Sure my parent's don't have a lot of money, hence the beat up truck we pulled into the parking lot in.  But my paren't aren't paying for my wedding.  My fiance and myself are, we are getting married at the Waldorf Astoria in Chicago (I was visiting family in AZ and wanted to involve my Mom in some of the planning).  If she wasn't so judgemental and allowed us to look through some examples we may have used her, all though I wasn't impressed with the few examples she did have on her wall!  She has no idea what my budget was and if she did know I'm sure she would have treated us better, but to be honest I wouldn't want to give someone like that my buisness.  Make sure you make an appointment before stopping in this place, and make sure you are dressed to the nines so she doesn't think your money is worthless in her store.  BTW - her webiste says appointments are preferred, not necessary!  No thanks!
My wife and I dined last night at this little gem of a restaurant in Mesa.  We both wanted the same entree (Jagerschnitzel), but at least chose different sides with our meals.  The schnitzel was perfectly prepared, with very light breading.  The mushroom sauce was delicious.  My wife had the red cabbage and the spatzle, and eaved about both (I snuck a taste, too, and have to agree!).  I enjoyed sauerkraut (among the best I've ever had), and German potato salad.  The potato salad, was fine, but did not impress me as much as the rest of the meal.  We did not have dessert.  The service, was slow (thus 4 stars instead of 5), but this place definitely deserves a visit.
Blah to the extreme. The McRib at McDonalds is more flavorful and priced much more economically.

I ordered the surf and turf special. Steak volume was decent but there was TWO scallops. Wanted to complain but... where's the waitress? 

It was also hard to cut my Medium-Rare steak with their DULL knives. Was like sawing through a brick with a chop stick. Boo!

PLUS it was irritating to wait for 40 minutes and then be seated in the far back... while passing dozens of empty tables along the way.

Thank goodness their liquid medication (martini) selection was decent. Maybe a good place for drinks??
Great tacos but salsa and chips are not free. Need to pay for chips and salsa. That's the downfall about this place. I recommend guacamole dip with chips.
Yummmmm i am so hooked on this sandwich
Awesome. As always. New owner changing the inside but the food is great. The tostada is huge.
Always solid
I've been coming to MacAlpine's on and off for about 8 years and I still can't get enough.

Monica and Cary (owners) are two of the most hard workers small business owners that I've had the pleasure of knowing.  

MacAlpine's is Phoenix's only still existing original Soda Fountain and a true gem.  Filled with vintage decor and charm, it's a fun time warp every time I go in there.  Their shakes are delicious and so big you get the leftover serving in the metal mixing cup.  Their food is tasty and like mum made it.  They always have vintage tunes on and you can browse the antiques and collectibles next door in between dining.
I've always had some difficulty finding good Indian food in the valley.  Cafe Krishna was a refreshing change from the sub-par establishments that I have become accustomed to.  The food was quite good and more than compensated for the slightly innocuous atmosphere.  The "combos" offer a lot of food at a very affordable price and may prove to be perfect for someone trying Indian faire for the first time.  Vegetarian, or not, I feel confident that you will enjoy Cafe Krishna.
Such an amazing and beautiful place with astonishing art all around.... The food was a bliss and very delicious to the T. 
Our server was very knowledgeable if the area and very like able...
Been here for two Saturdays in a row. The first time was awesome. It was packed and lively and they had $4 vodka red bulls all night. The music was good, too.

The second time, it was completely dead. Probably because the first time the place was packed with people that were on some sort of pub crawl. Anyway, it was like a total different venue second time around. Good thing it is walking distance to a bunch of other places so we had the option to leave and go somewhere else. 

So I guess this place is hit or miss. It can be fun if there is an event going on. I hear they have an awesome zombie extravaganze on Halloween thats pretty amazing. Will have to check that out, maybe.
I was pretty underwhelmed with the experience... The rooms were clean and unique and the staff were helpful.

Parking was a disaster.  It's pretty far from the room and there's no ramp or elevator if you are transporting luggage.  I'm sure the valet experience is much nicer but I was planning on being in an out several times in the day and wanted easier access to my car.

All the rooms surround the pool area and they played the poolside music all night long right  outside my room.  It was going at 11:30 pm when I went to bed and still going at 5:45 when I woke up. And the pool is just OK... nothing spectacular
OOOHHH a G-Spot...I gotta say yeah ,yeah..yes.... loves it... 
This is my bit of indulgence....Im a basic girl.. give me a basic vanilla bean.. and a bit of sugar free raspberry.. a bit to the left ... a little to the right.. and its a swirl of ......what I like.. ;-)
G would get a 5 but my vanilla was a snitch on the icy ... so its still high at a 4, the girl working behind the counter though, hmm seems she could use a bit of sweet G... i mean, it is a dessert shop... after all...oh well... maybe she should learn to let go to her indulgences... we all should, truly.. a little G goes a long way... this I know for sure:-)
Before you freak out on me about how Panda Express isn't really food.  I KNOW!  I will cover that.

I usually don't like chain restaurants, and if you are eating here, it is probably because you are in a hurry, and choices are limited.  It isn't really "real" food, but sometimes you've just got to do what you've got to do.  Not a place I would eat daily or even weekly,  but there are a few things I like here:

1.  The iced tea is great.

2.  Their chili paste (comes in a little packet on the side) is quite good, actually a bit spicy, and can make their uninteresting fare flavorful.

3.  Entree:  The Sweet Fire Chicken with the above mentioned chili paste added is a fairly good fast food meal. It is basically breaded, fried, and candied chicken breast meat, so take it for what you will.

4.  If you get vegetables rather than the noodles or rice, it really starts to resemble something quasi healthy, which it still isn't, but  do what ya gotta do to get through the day.
This place was fairly good, I have eaten there a few times and have learned the pork tacos are the best!!!! I have also had the fish not a big fan, loved the hot sauce was good. While the food is ok, with a great price this is not what I envisions a taco. But the idea of eating organic is great. This is not your regular taco joint.
Oh man, we came on a crappy day for this place.  The a/c was broken and it was was an oven in here.  I've never actually had a warm salad before today.  Warm iceburg lettuce with warm ranch is asking for a sick day.  It was so hot in there that the women's bathroom soap in the pump was even warm-- blech!

The pizza was really greasy, I had the pepperoni.  It was actually the most slices of pepperoni I have ever seen on a single slice of pizza.  And when all the pepperoni is on there, it leakes massive grease. And on thin crust, it's just too much.

My co-workers pizza was the ham and pineapple and she claims the ham was gritty--- what does that mean?  I dunno, but that is what she said. 

I wanted to try this place out, it's right next to Marjerle's- I am still glad I tried it, just so I know.  I am still on the look out for good (non gourmet) pizza downtown.  Any other suggestions?
Ice cream with milk in it
Nomnomnomnompupusanomnomnomnom

That's pretty much all you need to know.

Pupusas. I have dreamt of them every day since I had them. They are 
warm & yummy & tasty & um.. good!  I think of them as a Latin American Hot Pocket, but you probably shouldn't.

Technically, they're listed as an appetizer, but next time I'm going I'm getting a few of them and making it a meal.

They also had super good soup - I just wish they gave me more than a lil espresso cup full! The fried plaintain was good, though not quite like I've tasted before - my coworker had never tried one though and really liked it. I also had a generous main dish with some peppers, onion, shrimp, & "meat".  With my dish, you could order it with shrimp and "chicken" or "meat".  I'm not sure I'm going to think about that too much more.

The shrimp & veggies were great, the meat was a little fatty for my taste ( kind of wish I'd gotten the chicken instead, my friend's looked great), & the beans were more of a strange liquid bean slurry side? Not sure how else to explain that.

But seriously, all the main stuff we ate was amazing, and a fellow even came over to explain to us how to eat the pupusas - put the cabbage salad on top, drizzle the sauce, enjoy! Seriously. You will enjoy.

EDIT: 
Since writing this review we've gone back, and I had an appetizer combo with a pupusa, tamale, and meat pie thingy - all of which were well made and tasty! What I want to mention most though is the chili relleno my friend got - no cheese in it, but more like stew! One of the best I've ever tried! And I got the Tamarindo drink - I wish I had gallons of this stuff! It's a citrus tamarind drink that we agreed tasted a lot like mango lemonade. YUM.
& my nice nice friend got me a piece of their queso dessert - apparently quesadilla (uh, I have to double check on the name) here is more like a light cake & a cheesecake had a baby... a delicious, cheese-danishy kinda tasting baby.  Try a piece with a friend!
Nice higher end b&g. No riff raff, an outdoor seating area and the female staff is very easy on the eyes!!
For a new shop was doing a good business. I waited about 5 minutes for my nails. Did s good job and offering discounts. I'll go back.
I have stayed here twice and will definitely be back. The decor is very "Southwest modern". Lots of bright colors, everything looks very sharp. The staff has been great both times I've stayed. Everyone from the valet staff to housekeeping seems very genuinely friendly. The front desk staff have great recommendations on things to do in the area.
The rooms are a bit on the small side, but the layout is very efficient and modern, so the size didn't bother me. The toiletries are great, I would probably go back for those alone!
My one caveat would be that it can be a bit of a party hotel, and due to the location in Old Town Scottsdale, some of the rooms can be a bit noisy. On first stay, there seemed to be plenty of people around having a good time, even late at night. On my second stay, my room was around the "designated quiet pool", and it was a much calmer scene. If noise bothers you, be sure to request one of these rooms!
I haven't been able to check out the dining or spa yet, but the offerings look good and I'm sure there will be future opportunities for me to try them.
Hallelujah! Nothing saves you more when you live in suburbia than fabulous Thai food!

The Som Tum appetizer is the perfect starter - raw papaya, chili, lime, carrot, cabbage...fresh and zesty.
Their curry is superb but I stick by their pad thai, paht see iiew and kaprow are all you need...though there is something that is drawing me to try the evil jungle noodles. 

Typical out of date decor and overtextured walls but all part of the experience!
I love the food and great wine selection of this place and the fact that it's close to my home.  I've had some issues with the service at times, but I will say that it was quite busy when the service wasn't up to par.  Despite that, it's worth returning to and supporting the local businesses!
I reviewed Gold's gym in Mesa last year (http://www.yelp.com/biz/golds-gym-mesa#hrid:P_HI7vAZVpu479HXmG-i0g) and honestly, this is about the same situation.  If I had to choose, I prefer the Mesa location.  The women-only room is just a huge plus!

This location is between work and home, so it's more convenient if I'm stopping by after work.  I use the treadmills (never had a problem getting one), ellipticals, and every so often, free weights.   It serves its purpose!  It could use a little updating for sure, but for a pretty low membership fee, it's fine.
I got lost finding this place for the first time.

It was a Saturday around 2pm and it was packed.  We had to wait about 20 minutes for a table.  Then after we got a table and ordered and got our huge glasses of iced tea we had to wait and wait and wait and wait and wait for our food.  We were so hungry we asked for crackers or bread or something to eat while we waited.  The waitress said she would bring hot bread and never did.  About an hour after arrival we finally got our food.  

I REALLY wanted to hate this place.

The spaghetti calzone was SO SO YUMMY.  It was delicious and a week later I still can't stop thinking about it.

My kids each got a pizza and it was as first time I have seen them eat everything they ordered.

My husband got a gluten free pizza and thought it was just okay.  For how expensive it was he said he would stick to Barros.

But the spaghetti calzone.  Mmmmmm... I look forward to trying the pizza myself next time as well.
very impressed. The decor has a trendy hipster feel that fits right into its college campus surroundings. The coffee though, was world's better than anything I drank while at ASU! I loved that it was open, but secluded at the same time; I could meet with somebody and have it feel intimate but with every sip still feel like I was part of something bigger. The guy who took our order was really low-key and didn't rush us, was able to provide some recommendations. He also had a sample of a bacon chocolate cookie out and when we took a bite, he was genuinely curious what our thoughts were. For the record, it was very well balanced and a surprisingly good pairing. We bought a whole cookie to enjoy with our latte and tea (freshly brewed!... my latte came out before the tea did). They also have the high-techiness of Silicon Valley with the iPad/square 'register'. Would definitely visit again the next time I'm in town (especially since there seems to be a scookie I need to try!). Only downside is the one-hour parking out in front; this hidden gem (literally!... you don't see it from the street) or bldg management should consider relaxing that a bit.
Friendly service, very helpful and reliable.

I had a problem with roof rats. They came around blocked all the holes they could find with wire mesh and set bait traps around the house - plus they gave me plenty of advice.

Roof rats have gone from the house and they have been very reliable on their monthly visits.

Highly recommended
After reading all the great reviews about this place, I just HAD to go, so I gathered three of my friends and drove the 20 or so minutes from Tempe to get there, foregoing any pressure to get homework or reading assignments done (or, for some others, foregoing the desire to see a new episode of 'melrose place').  So glad because it was SO worth it!  EVERYTHING in Sweet Republic is made from scratch and uses as much (if not all) local ingredients, mostly from Singh Farm.  

They also have such creative (and some non-dairy) flavors like cantaloupe sorbet or mango lassi sorbet or Banana Bonanza ice cream (with bits of banana walnut bread).  I sampled the mint ice cream, and it's not like any other mint ice cream I've ever tasted.  Why?  Because it tastes like REAL mint!  I KNOW I'll be back here again and again.  Oh, and I HIGHLY recommend topping off your ice cream with a made-from-scratch marshmallow because they torch it for you to just the perfect roast-ability so that the outside is kinda crispy and the inside is gooey.  When you mix it with the cold ice cream, though, something fantastic happens, and you're in perfect, organic, gelateria/sorbet/smoothie bliss.  

I might also note that you can spend some time at Sweet Republic because they have a few board games that you can play with there.  It's also kid-friendly, seeing as when I went, there was a group of kiddies there.  So cute.  Anyway, in short, if you have not gone to Sweet Republic, you MUST get there soon cuz you don't know what you're missin'.

PS: I might also note that for those of you allergic to cow's milk, they also have options using goat's milk.  So forward thinking.  I love this place more and more.
I used to work right around the corner from Palee's Crown. As a result I had lunch there at least once a week for a couple years. Great lunch special. Easily on par with or better than your favorite Thai place in the valley. None of that dry Pad Thai served in tinfoil with with white rice you might find in Scottsdale. This is true home cooked Thai from a very friendly family owned business. They aren't afraid to make it hot either.
The only thing that this Krispy Kreme location has going for it is convenient location and a drive through. You will not see any dough-nuts being made here which is sort of part of what the Krispy Kreme experience should be. Seeing them being made; ordering them as they come out so they are still warm for your first bite.

Now then let's consider this review then as if this was a regular dough-nut shop and it also does not stand up. The mom-and-pop  shop I have closer to me makes better tasting ones, but it is probably because they make them right then and there.

I am assuming that they are hauling the ones they do sell here from a different location or a centralized place where they make them, which completely explains why the glazes, etc. taste as if they have been sitting for a while. They are still ok dough-nuts.

The other thing that this place lacks is in the coffee. I ordered a coffee and the person had one of those Super-sized Shamrock farms half-and-half containers and asked us if I'd like some in my coffee and to tell her when to stop. I am sorry but, who puts anything on their coffee without even tasting it first. Not me that's for sure. Worst experience getting coffee here.

Bottom line: The dough-nuts here will not be what you would expect from Krispy Kreme and forget about ordering coffee that will be to your liking.
As others have said it is a nice bowling alley.  We came around 5 on a Friday evening and the wait was an hour so that was a bummer.  We decided to wait and played in the arcade and it had nice equipment but was outrageously expensive.  If you don't mind spending a little money it isn't a bad place, but maybe next time we'll try stopping by at a less busy time.
I am Wal-Mart shopper, for my soaps and shampoos and facial washes, etc.... I went to this one last night because it was closer to me and it was late at night, but man o man. The selection of hygiene products is horrible. They don't have the shampoos I needed, NO Neutrogena make up remover facial wash, NO Suave hair mouse.... should I go on??? The Best Wal-Mart is in Scottsdale on 101 & Frank Lloyd, their selection is amazing, otherwise just go to Target!!!!
Got my spray tan and I'm loving it! Looks natural. Jessica totally saved me from being a pasty, pregnant bridesmaid. Her office is really private and she's very sweet. Thanks Jessica!
Great place with a driving range next door and gyms nearby,  I like staying here as it is a lower cost Marriott property with a good location for my sales calls,  The room I am in now has cathedral ceilings and ample room.  Also a microwave and small fridge,
We stopped by Fate Brewing for a pre-Thanksgiving dinner and weren't surprised to find it quite busy.  We put our names on the list to wait for a table.  While we waited, we enjoyed a beer on the patio.  Unfortunately, there was little space between the outdoor seating and the high top counter surrounding the patio.  We had enough room to stand and drink our beers but felt that we were intruding on other patrons dining experience.  I'd love to see a little reorganization on the patio to make the counter area more usable, perhaps even some bar stools.  

We were seated, brought menus and a cute little jug of water for the table.  We looked over the menu and decided on the house salad, Rustica pizza and a Capicola pizza.  We also enjoyed a flight of the four Fate brews available.  

All in all the food was great.  The salad was fresh, the pizzas were unique, delicious and cooked to perfection.  We thoroughly enjoyed the beers.  I loved the Pale Ale and my husband would have sipped on Smoked Porter all night long.

Next to the host stand, there is a cooler housing some of the best cake pops I have ever eaten.  They were more like cookie dough pops than cake pops, if you ask me, but they were amazing!  Snickerdoodle was killer!

There were a few issues with the attentiveness of the servers when it was busy, and our servers menu knowledge was iffy.  Serious five star potential, for the next visit, but until they work out a few minor kinks, I'm sticking with a solid four star rating.
I really hate to give such a poor star rating because I really like the idea of this place.  The restaurant is so unique and I absolutly love the outdoor seating.  The atmosphere is very romantic and intimate.  The problem I have with this place is the unconsistency of the food.  The first time I ever came here I had an amazing experience, I still tell people how awesome the duck was.  So imagine my surprise when our food this last visit was very sub par.  My boyfriend took me here for my bday dinner and the only really memorable part of the experience was the AMAZING wine choice our very knowledgable waiter suggested.  My boyfriend ordered the short ribs; I'm not sure if it was just a bad cut but it was over 50% fat.  I ordered the bacon wrapped tuna; it didnt seem that the tuna was marinated or seasoned at all, and overall the plate was simply uninteresting. 

The atmosphere and service here is great, but our last dining experience will probably keep us from ever returning.  For the quality of food we recieved, we were robbed.  It's never a good experience paying $200 for a dinner and feeling completly unsatisfied.  Sorry Tricks.
amazing store, which there was one in Portland where I just moved.
Sometimes you are just craving Mexican food and want to try someplace new. Well I wouldn't recommend this place. They do not serve alcohol, which is weird because who doesn't want a margarita with their tacos? The menu is very confusing and even shows drinks, but they are all non-alcoholic. The service was very slow and not very good. The whole experience was mediocre, which is disappointing because I love Mexican food. A LOT!
I've been to Ling & Louie's a couple times now and I really feel it is a solid place.  The one thing that does make it stand out over places with a similar feel is their service.  It's great.  They really are attentive and friendly, which to me, is just as important as the food.

The food here really is A-OK.  I haven't had anything that's blown me away, but I have had some good food that isn't too expensive and leave me satisfied.  Last time we went I had the chicken and rice soup, which was light, but flavorful.  We also had the nachos, which were very unique and decently tasty.  I can't remember what I had the first time, but it must have been good because we came back.

Given that this restaurant is in a good location for us, I am sure we will be back.  I would say it's worth visiting and a nice change of pace from your typical chain restaurant.
There are a number of In-n-Out's around town at this point and, though it seems like everyone knows the 411 on this wonderful chain of delicious burgerness, we should keep in mind that our neighbors to the east may have never been to one. 

So here's the deal: the menu has three different items, in a few different sizes. Those items are burgers, fries, and shakes. The burger can be a single patty cheese burger or a double, and the fries can be medium or large. Nothing really too complicated here, folks. 

What will catch a first-time In-n-Outer off guard is how goddam delicious it all is. Greasy, yes, but they do use fresh veggie oil for fries and cut the potatoes in house. 

There is also the famous "Secret Menu" that isn't posted in the restaurant. I am semi-familiar with it but it is mostly comprised of specialty orders, like grilled onions for your burger, called "Animal Style," or easier ways of calling out if you want extra tomatoes, or in the case of lettuce instead of the bun "protein style." Also, for a bigger burger (more than two patties) call it a 3 by 3 for three patties, 4 x 4 for four, etc.

The owners of the chain have been extremely careful with franchising and supposedly are keeping the owners within the family. Also, there is a widespread theory that the owners are Mormon, evidenced by Biblical citations on the bottom of drink cups and underneath fry baskets.

If that is true, that's just one more reason that Jesus would give these tasty burgers two thumbs up!
It's unfortunate their menu only has 4 sandwiches on it. The food was good, albeit leaves a lot to wish for. It came on a plate with a couple olives and nothing else. I would expect more for the $9-11 price tag. 

They market themselves as a sandwich shop but I just don't buy it.  More so, it was a hipster hangout where it seems people go to look cool.  Granted, the few items the did have were quite good, but I just expected a nice turkey sandwich, but that wasn't happening.  

The service was on the verge of incompetent but the owner did swing by with a loaf of bread.  Too bad we had to ask for oil at the counter to dip it in (our waitress was absent).  

Their water was unpalatable and they didn't have a lemon, lime, orange or anything wedge to make it slightly less offensive.  My friends that live in Phoenix told me though, this is just the way it is there.   

All in all, I certainly won't be rushing back but there is plenty of room for positive improvements.
This is for the one across the street without gas. I been in three times not by choice really and I hate it every time. First time was a month ago I asked if the manager Di could make a pot of Cinnamon coffee and she huffed and puffed and complian it would take her about 15 mins to make. Since when does it take that long to make coffee. I said screw it I'll get something else. Another customer came in and asked for a bakery blend and she was all cheery and happy and said it take about 4 mins to make. Wtf? I'm assuming she has favorites and if you aren't one you won't get service. Came in again with friends and she was working again I asked for a pack of smokes and she just glanced and she said they were out. I asked if she could look in the back stock and she said no if it not up we are out. How rude? How does circle k pick these managers? She then refused to break my buddy 20 cuz he brought a polar pop. She said we had to buy more if we wanted to use a 20. I asked her why and she said it was policy. I been to other circle k and none has ever asked me to buy more. They ask if I have smaller I tell them no sorry but then they say no problem and break it.  Only reason this gets two stars is because of jordan who works the overnights. I walked in he greeted me as I walked in. I walked around while he was mopping and told him sorry and he said no problem its a never ending battle and laugh. He was friendly and even ran to the back to check if they had something. I figured I would ask and see his response to making me a pot of coffee and he said takes about 4 mins if you wanna wait. I said I will. He ran to the back grabbed the pot and in 20 secs he had to brewing for me. Unlike Di who didn't want to. Then I saw he was out of camel crush and figured I would asked. He looked high and low and then came back and said sorry looks like we are out. The fact he looked and tries to help is all it takes. I will only be going back if he is working. CIRCLE K MAKE JORDAN A MANGER HE HAS SKILLS UNLIKE DI!!
Had a buy 1 get 1 free sandwich coupon, tried the famous star.  It was freaking delicious.
what a great place for breakfast ! great stop after a Hike up North Mountain ,    the FOOD , no matter what you order, pancakes or MEAT scrambled it IS ALL AMAZING !   the  Rosemary potatoes are tender and never dry !     the place is super clean and managed by the cool cat, Cameron..... it's a very sensible , NOT OVER STUFFED omelette . size portions are perfect !     WE WILL BE BACK .....
I stopped by this McDonalds yesterday before work. I knew I wanted some nuggets and maybe fries. I got to the window and ordered nuggets. I wanted a second to decide if I wanted the full meal or anything else but the girl in the drive thru rushed me so I decided not to get anything other than the nuggets. I know it's "fast" food and ideally I should come through the drive thru and already know what I want to buy, but I wasn't going to spend more than 2 minutes looking at the menu and deciding. It wasn't even busy, there was no one behind me and this location has two speakers. Even when I went to pay she was in too much of a hurry and practically threw my change at me. I won't go out of my way to come here again. I ended up going to Burger King for a whopper and fries a few hours later. If  the girl at the window had been a little more patient then I probably would have just gotten a full meal and drink from McDonalds.

2 Stars because the girl at the second window was nice and the nuggets weren't bad.
In theory, this is a nice place and I wanted to like it. However, the music was good but VERY loud and the service was bad. The waitress herself was nice and helpful but she seemed to be the only person working so there was a long wait for everything. Also, the longer we sat there waiting the more I noticed how cheesy the interior is - it looks like the Pirates of the Caribbean ride at Disney World. The stone is not real and there are little yellow lights up everywhere like some kind of Halloween shop. Maybe on another night we would have had a better experience, but I don't know if I'll come back here.
Just got back from breakfast at the 40th Street Cafe.  For a Tuesday morning, it was BUSY.  Only a couple tables open.  My waitress Sherrie was a total delight; I never saw a smile leave her face.

I ordered a breakfast sandwich on a croissant (75 cents extra, totally worth it), sub bacon instead of ham, and sub scrambled eggs instead of the over hard egg just like I saw in a picture here on yelp.  It was great!  Loads of bacon, the eggs were great (not dry like other breakfast places like to serve you).  The hashbrowns were good - although not seasoned at all, like another reviewer noted, so I had to salt them myself... but that seems to be a norm for breakfast places like these, since a lot of their clientele is of the older generation who can't handle salt.

Lots of regulars here, lots of people just sitting drinking coffee and reading the paper.  Although one woman was totally rude and annoying - my waitress was taking the order of a woman sitting at the table next to me, and a woman at the table across the aisle threw her wadded-up straw wrapper at the waitress while she was taking the order - it almost landed in the full pot of coffee on the table - then apologized to the customer getting her order taken, saying she was trying to hit the waitress, and let out the most ungodly hyena-like guffaw I've ever heard.  I get that you know the waitress and you're trying to be funny, but jesus christ.  Have some respect and try to contain yourself.  She was at least 60 years old btw.

ANYWAY, overall it was a great experience and I had a good time just sitting there eating watching the price is right on their 20-year-old television.  I'll be heading back there for sure.
Really enjoyed my stay here for a convention. Stayed about five days. The rooms were clean, spacious and enjoyable. House keeping was prompt and the gift shop is so nice! I got myself some necklaces and sunglasses which were sold to me for way cheaper than their tags listed. 

Also their breakfast and lunch place inside (einteins) was so nice and I went every day, I didn't have to leave at all to eat. Love their other casual restaurant inside too for dinner which served sushi too. Great experience!
Great place for breakfast. Food well prepared and lots of it. Service friendly and attentive. Prices reasonable. Gets very crowded on weekends.
My first dim sum experience.

Ahhhhh.

Can I just say I was intimidated by the massive amount of cars in the parking lot? Jiminy Christmas!

Luckily, the wait wasn't too long before entering the dim sum paradise.

The staff was friendly. Not too good at describing what the food was like, but there's the adventuresome part for ya. 

Some standouts: the sesame pastries with the red bean paste and the coconut filling; the pork shui mai, the calamari, and the broccoli.

My most adventurous try? The jellyfish salad. Not gross, but not something I'm inclined to try again.

Yum yum!

I will be back...
Ugly Cakes Bakery's sweet treats are to die for.  I am a sucker for sweets...but not just any sweets.  I know what's good and what isn't.  The minute I tried the Carrot Cake I thought I died and went to heaven.  But it didn't end there.  Then I tried some cookies...and then some fudge...and 'tis the season for Pumpkin Rolls!!! I wanted to cry when I ran out.  

Seriously -- not only are the treats amazing and baked with some major TLC, the souls behind the company are treasures themselves.  Awesome branding, awesome concepts, awesome food, awesome people.  

Highly recommend them to anyone -- even if you dont think you like sweets, you'll like theirs.  I promise!!!!!!
I don't think I can live without Thai Rama! As I said in my earlier review, the #18 soup is amazingly delicious! The #23 garlic chicken is probably my favorite dish! I've been ordering a different curry every time I go. The yellow curry with chicken is very good, the panang curry with beef was so good, the masaman curry is like Thai beef stew! We had the red curry with chicken once and while there was nothing wrong with it, I prefer the yellow and panang. I have yet to try the green curry.
Not great. Been here twice and not impressed. The crust of the pizza is unusually chewy and I always find hard pieces hidden in the dough. The Margarita pizza is bland. There are 3 better pizza places in the area.
I love these sandwiches!! Toasted and delish. I wouldn't recommend it if you are in a hurry since it takes a little while for the toasting but they are very worth it. I get the Griefo. Don't worry you only feel silly ordering the first time. I love the spring mix lettuce they offer.
Pros:

-pretty decor
-very clean 
-best sized portions for spring rolls that I've tried in the Phoenix area
-Che Thai (dessert drink) is really tasty
-Cafe Sua Da (Vietnamese coffee) is really strong and sweet, even a non-coffee-drinker like me liked it


Cons:

-broth for pho was good, not SUPER flavorful but still a good meal
-price is a bit higher than I would like, but not unreasonable

I will definitely be back here and hope to try dishes other than the pho!
Best breakfast around, the food is fresh, high quailty and actually gets love during preparation.  It's like every detail is covered for the highest quality.  But guess what?  Low prices too...unbelievable.  Lunch is awesome, and they'll do some great custom catering and events in the evening too:)  Enjoy.
I live close by so it is easy to go here and I have eaten from this place 4 times in the last week. The staff is great and the service is quick which is nice. Probably the best thing about this place though is the ingredients. It seems like they have very high quality suppliers. The tomato-basil wrap is excellent in taste and texture. The chicken with rice and vegetable dinner is very well prepared and the ingredients look and taste very fresh. The cooks seem to be very well versed and cooked everything I have had there perfectly.  The only thing that is a drawback to me is the price. Ten bucks for a breakfast wrap is a bit high but I guess you get what you pay for so I will definitely be ordering takeout often. Sometimes it just feels good to indulge.
Fantastic  plants , friendly and informative staff .  We stopped here in February and they identified the cacti in the yard of a new home my son and daughter had just purchased. We went today to buy plants and they were fun, friendly, and happy to help with plant advice .  Spend your money here rather than the big box stores.   You will not regret it 

Pat C
I am not a "pretty man"...no I'm really not...stop it...you're making me blush! :-)

Really, even though The Beautiful Carin tells me that I'm "adorable", I am really more of a "regular joe"...a (youngish) middle aged "everyman".

I am reminded of this fact each and every time I stroll in to AZ 88:)

There are, indeed, tons of pretty people at AZ 88...lounging, laughing, lingering, loitering, lolling, loving and probably even lusting:)

For 20 years (although I've only been here for about 5 of those years) AZ 88 has been one of the "see and be seen" places in Scottsdale.

And it shows in the clientele...but they let me in anyway:)

It's been a good spot for the Beautiful Carin and I to grab a pre-function cocktail, a relatively cheap burger or sandwich (and a giant martini) or a post-function nightcap.

Besides the fact the fact that it's right in my neighborhood, there are several reasons that Carin and I have become fond of this place over the years:)

* The food really is pretty good...the burgers, sandwiches, salads and appetizers are generously sized and the waffle fries hit the sweet spot in the crusty/greasy axis of arterial obstruction (I was going to attach the graph I created but Yelp doesn't play that way:)

* The food really is pretty inexpensive...I was going to say cheap, but really...it's not cheap, cheap...just inexpensive compared to some of the other places around the neighborhood :)

* The drinks are better than pretty good:) I was thinking that they are expensive, but then I looked at the size of these things and the price to buzz ratio becomes a terrific value (again, I was going to attach a very compelling chart that I've created, but no attachment feature for  spreadsheets and charts! :-)

* The atmosphere is relaxed and relaxing, but fun and upbeat...does that make sense? It does to me after a couple of AZ 88 Ketel One martini's:) Two of those big ass marti's are like a six pack of marti's from Dick's Hideaway...for a lot less dough:) I'm glad I can walk here and back home:)

* There is always something "happening" at AZ 88...at Christmas, the martini glass Christmas Tree...witticisms' painted on the walls, power couples attempting to couple in the unisex loo, music and laughter...what more could you want?:)

* Which brings me to the final bullet point of my AZ 88 presentation...the people watching...AZ 88 is like the headwaters of the mighty Columbia River...except that here we have Scottsdale's beautiful people and there we have Chinook salmon...but, respectively, these places are where they go to spawn:) AZ 88 might not be such a blatant meet up spot as someplace like Cream, Dirty Pretty or the W, but for easy conversation, strong drinks and reasonable food, AZ 88 still pretty much leads the pack (again, I put together a trending bar chart that clearly illustrates my point, but I couldn't attach it...oh well if you want the charts and spreadsheets, let me know and I can email them to you:)

Pick a nice evening, wander through the park and end up on the deck at AZ 88...that's what we do every couple of months.

Enjoy watching people strolling through the park, the cocktails, a chicken sandwich and waffle fries and watch all the mating rituals going on around you...some people might call this decadent and dissolute, but I call it "Thursday Evening":)
Awesome place, the hot dog is awesome. I also tried the carne asada burrito and it was great.
Ummm....delicious, that's all i have to say about this place. small and quaint, had the owner as my server, who was very knowledgeable about the products being used. 

once again the food was exceptional, I had the seven course tasting menu and everything was light and very fresh. the highlights would consist of a red Alaskan snapper dish with quinoa and melon dish wish a wonderful rhubarb sauce, and a cheese course of purple haze and peaches that went perfectly together. 

The time in between dishes took a little longer then I would have liked but with all the attention to details it was worth the wait.
The dinner was so good!! Omg we died and went to heaven. It was my birthday and we wanted to try something different than our usually steakhouses which are also good but we were excited for this and we requested patio in advance. The patio was gorgeous!! Overlooks the mountains and has fire pits and all. it
Made the dinner so much better just with the view. I had the 8oz filet, my dads gf got the salmon and the three men got the 12oz filet. Everyone was very impressed and said their meals were amazing. Sides mash potatoes, spinach, and mushrooms great choice.The service  was outstanding and they were very polite. Even though it was pricy it was worth it for a night out of great steak :) thank you j and g!
I go up and down Rural/Scottsdale Rd to and from work everyday, and when I saw this place, I had to go in.

I felt at home! This place is completely my style! I wanted everything in the store!! 
Vintage Levi's, some destroyed and some still classic. The owner even custom designs some of his vintage finds. Just tell him what you want, or pick a pair already spruced up. It's a little pricey for those on a budget, but totally worth it. 

Everything I've bought in here I wear almost everyday, because I love the pieces so much. 

Customer service is awesome. I made new friends the minute I walked in. The decor is very trendy and hip, I love it. 

They have a new loyal return customer right here.
Upon my first visit to CMOH, I liked the casual ambience and the outdoor patio. The oysters on the half shell were exceptional, especially with the house-made fresh (and potent!) horseradish. Kinda wakes up your sinuses and makes you say "Boy... Howdy!" This is Japanese wasabi's American cousin driving a monster truck through your uvula!

However, there were some misses with the food on the rest of our order. The chipotle hot wings were way too subdued, although the texture was decent. I was hoping for a spicy wing that would grab me by the gooch--alas, these did not. The fried mushrooms were a tragedy. Crispy and breaded on the outside, but when you bit into them they turned to mush.

I'd come back for the beer, the interesting crowd, the great outdoor patio or rustic bar interior. I'm advising you order carefully though. Maybe their sandwiches are the big draw (besides the face-smacking, face-hugging oysters).
ages....ages since i've been in einsteins. i don't typically eat bagels anymore because it is just so many carbs for breakfast. but i neglected to eat before leaving the house and after a few hours of errands and meetings, i needed something, alas, einsteins was right there!!!!
i ordered a spinach, mozz, and mushroom bagel sandwich and coffee. it was pretty good i must say. the coffee was good as well. as anyone knows, tons of bagel options.
My wife and I went here a few days go with a few friends for Restaurant Week.  We aren't the most adventurous foodies, but we decided to throw caution to the wind and give it a try.  After looking at their menu then thinking about the location of this place I was unsure what to expect.  You normally don't see this type fancy foodie cuisine in South Scottsdale and I was pleasantly surprised.  Almost everything I tried was very good.  The service was equally as good as our server was fast and friendly.  The prices, on the other hand, were a bit high I thought.

* Bread plate to start = very good.  The pretzel bread was awesome but so were the other few types of bread on there.  But WHY do they feel the need to charge $3 for it?  Having to pay for bread really pisses me off.  That is like paying to refill a soda.
* Pork shoulder tostadas = very good
* Iceberg wedge = very interesting and very good
* Braised duck = tender, juicy, and very delicious.
* Pretzel crusted red bird chicken = this was just ok.  It wasn't very flavorful and you really couldn't tell it was crusted with their homemade pretzel bread.
* Stoney bah-loanie = very interesting but just ok - a bit too bitter for me
* Moscow mule = pretty good but their homemade ginger beer made this one need to be sweeter

All-n-all this is a pretty decent place with great food.  The scene is a bit too foodie-hipsterish for me with all the farm-to-table bs, not having fountain drinks, charging for bread, etc.  However, I give this place a lot of credit for trying something new in an area that has seen nothing like it before.
I went here with a friend for lunch looking to try something different. We knew it would be a bit awkward for us gringos walking into a place that is geared towards Asians with foul hanging in the window.

To be seated we were asked if we were there for lunch or dim sum, we said lunch and were escorted to the cheap seats.

Upon viewing the menu, I realized there were virtually no vegetarian options. The only thing I saw was the fried tofu.  The included egg drop soup was not vegetarian either.  

When my meal finally came, it was not what I expected. It was basically nine battered and fried pieces of tofu with rice on the side. Despite looking quite good, the batter was devoid of any flavor, and the tofu was extremely soft which was not the ideal texture. 

This meal was not too cheap either and I left hungry. At least for lunch this is far from being on my list of places to go.

PS this is not a buffet despite the name
Large portions, the line moves quickly, great outdoor seating where my wild kids can roam free (watch out for them climbing the fence to get to the oh so tempting playground in the middle of traffic), and the food is outstanding.  My favorite is the brisket.  So tender with a touch of crunchiness in just the right places.
Medical shaming has got to stop. 

I am not asking that my medical providers be pro-choice.  Or pro-life.  I am instead asking for them to be impartial and medically professional.

At my appointment in March of 2013, I was sent to SMIL for a vaginal ultrasound to see if my copper IUD was still in place.  It was not.  I had expelled it without knowing and was pregnant.  The technician DID NOT ASK if I wanted the television above my head on, nor did she ask if I wanted a printout of the findings.  She knew her job was to look for the IUD, but instead offered, "I don't see an IUD, but there (points) is your pregnancy.  Not always planned, but maybe a good thing after all!"  I was horrified by this level of presumption.  

At my recent September appointment for a breast ultrasound due to nipple discharge, the technician started with, "Nipple discharge because you've been breast feeding?"  My response:  No.  
Technician:  But you were pregnant?
My response:  In March.  But I did not have a child. 
The technician stared at me for a moment and then DID NOT SPEAK TO ME for the rest of my appointment until she left and came back with, "The radiologist says you're clear.  Perhaps some inflamed ducts, but fine.  You can get dressed."
Great rooms, nice spa service, amazing grounds... and eat at Roy's.  This is one of my favorite hotels in the world, hands down.
The best tasting yogurt place around!
Just stopped by this place after driving by it and I seen the sign "Bakery", its my kryptonite so I could not resist.

Rather small selection from this place for the average walk-in customer, the real money is made from larger orders.

I ordered a tuxedo style mini mousse dessert, and it was heaven to say the least, decadent, rich, moist and velvety.  For a mere $5 you can enjoy this is in it's full splendor.  This one sampling tells me that most of their desserts are of the highest caliber, I plan on returning, even though I do not live anywhere close to it.

My hopes would be that they eventually have a larger selection for the in-store bakery, but I can see how that might attribute to alot of waste if people dont buy it up.

There was a few cakes that were displayed that were just over the top when it comes to cakes, they were very unique!  If you are looking to impress a loved one, this is the place!

Overall, I was impressed with this little place, probably your best choice when it comes to custom cakes and desserts for get-togethers and such.
Always helpful. Of course they are salesmen, thats what they are hired for, trained for and do to pay the bills. Jake ,jacob, is awesome!!
Love this place!  Terroir has a classy elegance with a down-home down-to-earth vibe. They often have live music or dj (sophisticated music, not loud) which adds to spice to the place.

Service is efficient and friendly. Like another reviewer stated, the servers/bartenders will remember you and talk to you as much or as little as you'd like. They make you feel at home and comfortable. The other patrons at the bar are oftena also friendly and will join in chit-chat if you want to make friends.

Their HH wines are always $7 and huge pours! LOVE THEM! In addition I have eaten some of their food. Its pretty tasty and flavorful, just wish they had more salads and healthy choices to choose from

The biggest downside of this place is that it is not located closer to my house in Oldtown. If it was, I would own a stool and never leave. :)
This is the Subway by my house.  I go to lots of different Subways around the valley so I feel like I have a good basis of comparison when I say this one deserves 5 stars.  First of all, it's always SUPER clean.  I love that.  Second, the staff are friendly and responsive, not to mention the fact that there's not a lot of staff turnover.  The staff make good choices - honestly, I've been at other Subways where I'll say "just a little light mayo" and they layer it on in a blanket, make a big mess out of it when I ask them to remove some of it, then wrap my sandwich up with their hands a big mayo-y mess so that my sandwich and the papers it's wrapped in are a trainwreck.  That would never happen at this Subway.  Also, the staff will banter with each other AND with customers in a very friendly appropriate way.  Another time, I came in to buy gift cards and there was a bit of a snafu with it.  It was no big deal and the situation was resolved, but none-the-less the owner gave me an extra gift card for a free 6" for my trouble - so unnecessary but it illustrates what a great Subway location this is.
The worst!  I've had three bad experiences.  To make a long rant longer...
I went to the store a few weeks ago and they wouldn't give me any cash back.  The cashier said they didn't have enough cash after standing in line what seemed like forever.  Ok, i can deal with it, its a grocery store not a bank.

A few weeks later I went and again stood in line for a lifetime.  The cashier was nice but the food cost was too much for what i got.  I saw later that day the same item for $3 cheaper.  Ok, my fault for not bargain shopping.

The last straw was a day ago.  I went to pick up a few quick items.  I wanted smoked salmon but I felt that the refrigerator the package was in was too warm.  I looked at the dial on the wall and it read over 55 degrees.  I honestly don't know if that's too warm but for me I didn't want to risk the food poisoning. That fish could kill me!  Okay I'm extreme it would have made me sicker than a homeless dog but I'm strong enough to survive.  I just don't want to have to survive my dinner.

Next I stood in line again for ever and the cashier asked for my Safeway card.  I forgot it and my phone number didn't work.  I asked the cashier if I could use hers.  She looked at me if I asked if I could borrow her house and husband for the weekend. Our conversation went like this:

Me:  "My phone number inset working.  My I use your (the stores) card please?"

Cashier: "NO!"  

Me:  "Geeze, I said please.  Can your manager enter a store number for me please?"

Cashier:  "NO!"

Me: to the lady behind me..."My I use your Safeway card?"

Cashier:  Started yelling at the woman behind me in Spanish not to give her card to me.  She shouldn't assume I didn't know what she was saying.

Me:  "Can you call your manager please?"

Cashier:  "I could get fired for giving you my personal information.  I just can't steal points from Safeway.  I don't think you understand I could loose me job and its too bad you feel this way about it."

I'm sorry if her day was bad but all i wanted to do was get $2 off the high priced items and eat.

Me:  "I'm sorry you have to go to work and feel like your going to get fired for helping customers.  Shame on your manager for not giving you the tools to do your job and making you afraid to assist me."

Finally, the woman behind me shared her card as she was shaking her head at the cashier.  I will never shop there again. I also have a $600 per week budget in grocery's for my office.  I will no longer recommend that staff person to shop at a Safeway, regardless of its location.
The happy hour @ the bar is a lovely experience! The little menu has great pricing (anywhere from $2-$4 I believe) and the bartenders are always witty enough to mix up a drink of your own concoction. The bruschetta & brio burgers are always pretty satisfying.
I have stayed here about 6 or 7 times now over the past year, and I love it. The first time, I totally got lost trying to find my room so if it's your first time, take the map :) it was late for me and sometimes I can be super-clueless.

At the check-in desk, they offer fireballs, which is awesome! The lounge is gorgeous and the pools/poolside area? No competition. Happy hour of complimentary wine and beer from 5p-6p? Just what I need. I agree with a few fellow yelpers about the rooms - they seem a bit dated but I'm not a huge fan of the southwestern style. Still, very comfortable beds and pillows, and the robes are a bonus. Everyone is super friendly too. Taggia ROCKS. I've had the margherita pizza and the butternut squash ravioli - both great.

I'll be back next week and I can't wait! I took a photo of the pool area and it's my desktop background. I dream of this place.
Went with the family for lunch. Great pizza and great staff. To top it off someone paid for our lunch. Server wouldn't say who or why but for 7 of us that was a great experience!
Having spent the last 10 days in Portland, we came back to Phoenix lamenting about the creative food scene here - why can't Phoenix have more of 'that'! Well here you go - Short Leash Sit...Stay is what we're talking about. We had the corn dog bits appetizer with spicy mustard and a Devil Dog - with spicy beer hot dog. The food pops! Wonderful! The corn dog bits were cooked perfectly with just the right amount of batter, and the hot dog wrapped in flat bread was an amazing mix of spicy flavors. All the hot dogs on the menu sounded delicious. We will be back. Love the owners mission: "eating well and surrounding yourself with people who make you happy" - mission accomplished. Highly recommended.
I love this little find, thanks to a friend of mine! While it might not be anything super special compared to another chicken and rice bowl, I do like that they have the option of brown rice and all their veggies aren't just onions.

Overall, a tasty meal with only 500 calories for the small bowl. Sounds good to me! :D
The food is always hot and the drinks are awesome, however the service isn't always the best. Today I waited 6 minutes just for my order to be taken, then another 15 minutes to get my food. That wouldn't be such a big deal on my day off but my lunch break is only 45 minutes. Sometimes the servers are kinda rude but it depends on who you get. Justin is the best server, he is always prompt and polite. He even comes to the window mid-meal to make sure I haven't ran out of napkins or sauce. Overall I would have to say that this is one of the best Sonic Drive-In's in the Gilbert area.
I love this place! The ambiance of blaring music and Mexican soap operas on tv is awesome. The food was shockingly fresh for being in the middle of Arizona.  Couldn't be more authentic even if you were in Mazatlan. I had seafood served in a hollowed out young coconut. Not only delicious but the presentation was beautiful. It could have come out of one of Jean-George's kitchens in NYC. No Joke. That was the last thing I was expecting when I pulled up to this kinda run down little strip mall. Go. Enjoy.
This place is a rip off. I adopted a dog last year who was 12 years old. I did not have his records nor knew of his condition. I took the dog for a check up and exam. Banfield pet Hospital staff talked me into buying their health plan for over $45 a month. Several months later my poor Felfel died due to a liver disease.I called them to cancel the plan since my dog had already died, but found out I had to continue paying into this plan for another four months.
This place only cares about taking your money. They are outrageously expensive for everything including shots and doctor visits. After my experience here i checked the prices at more than 22 other pet, and found 20 of them cheaper than Banfield.
I was late to register for a conference at the AZ Biltmore and could not get a room there, so I found this nice place.  The staff was great and the price was right!  They have a shuttle service that would take us to the AZ as needed.  Very helpful.
It's definitely a good place to stay if you are in Scottsdale. It about a 15-20 minute walk to Fashion Square. It's also close to Old Town. 

We were able to get good savings from hotels.com. I have seen Living Social offers so discounts so there are other ways to get discounts. We were able to save quite a bit of money since the hotel offered a free shuttle to and from the airport. They also offered free hot breakfast that was made to order. There was happy hour from 5:30-7:30 pm. 

Our room included a living room, kitchenette, two TVs, and an additional sink in the bedroom. The additional sink was great for my aunt and I especially when we needed to get ready at the same time. 

There is also a Dollar Rent A Car on site. Renting a car is easy, and they do offer an AMEX discount. Concierge was very helpful as they booked our Sedona tour prior to our arrival. Some of the front desk staff were more friendlier and nicer than others. 

Unfortunately, the place especially the courtyard area did not look as pretty as the pictures. Although the rooms are nice and clean, I agree with other Yelpers that it does need a renovation. 

I recommend this hotel if you are not going to be on site the majority of the time and for the great amenities. Otherwise, if I had the money, then I would stay at resort.
I love Dr Briones!  Love her office.  Used to be with an office in Scottsdale when I worked up there.  They were awful.   She listens to you, spends time with you, she is great.  I am SO happy I made the switch to her office.  Everyone is so friendly too.
Dr. Brione is the best Dr. I have had in 10 years.  
Patty V.
Super busy and pretty dirty!!! Huge trash pile with 2 overflowing trash cans.  The bar where you pick up your drink was sopping wet with ????

My friend and I met here and we saw a nice lady with a hermes birkin!  Seriously, class up Starbucks!

The women's restroom also had no tp!  Really nice touch.
From the outside, and even in, you would never know what to expect. Minimal decor, food is served on styrofoam plates, plastic silverware, not a large menu. None of this matters. The food is delicious. I had the bulkogi and teriyaki plate. It came with a choice of salad or macaroni potato salad, and served with rice. The meat was flavorful and the sauce was excellent. I inhaled everything and was tempted to order more. There's a reason they've been around for twenty some years.
I spent a crazy day running errands around Scottsdale and found myself next to George's at 3pm while returning a projector. The server was friendly and service quick. I took my chicken gyro and a Greek salad down the street to Papago Park. Highly recommended! It was a perfect picnic!
Went for Mother's day, $48 per plate. Extremely limited vegetarian options. The waiter was either baked out of his skull or just didn't care at all. I understand holidays can be stressful on people working in restaurants but if you don't like it; get a more serious job.

The patio was beautiful, the area sucks (ASU area of Tempe, I mean c'mon seriously). The main thing this restaurant has going for it is it's ambience, I would pass on the food and the service.
This is my VERY first "build your own yogurt place" and I must admit that I LOVE it!!!!!

I got four different types of yogurt: oreo, vanilla bean, raspberry, and a "tart" one with sprinkles and all sorts of other goodies.... it was soooo delicious.

Plus we had a 1/2 off coupon.  I don't think it gets much better than that!!!!
This has a great location and I really like the patio. However, I think that the food is pretty bland and overpriced. The best thing in my opinion is the Pear Salad with grilled chicken, pears, avocado and tomatoes.  I just don't think the food is anything special and also my stomach always hurts after I eat there. I don't know why but it does.
I listed my property with Jarson and Jarson.  Recognizing that the tough economic conditions were dragging on home sales, I chose last December to cancel the listing after 8 months.

Upon cancellation, the agent, Jack London, chose to go onto the MLS listing and maliciously change information about my home.  He changed the size,  the number of bedrooms, the materials, stated that there was not a sewer or heating, etc.  This behavior is unprofessional and unethical.

Upon contacting Debbie Jarson, she was slow to respond and unapologetic.

I would recommend that anyone looking to list a property to avoid Jarson and Jarson like the plague.  They are unprofessional at best.  And during the listing time, they were uneffective.
I agree completely with the other review! I had half of my belonging stolen, and when I reported it to their in-house insurance company I was told that they only cover "Burglary" and they determined that what happened to my unit was theft, therefore it wasn't covered. I've been trying to get in touch with someone at the corporate office for the past 4 weeks and have not been able to get past the first tier customer service rep.
Not sure why this has good reviews. We stayed here with our then one year old last year visiting family for Easter and our usual Westin was already booked up. Yikes. 
Was close to my parents, near where I used to live in Kierland, and it seemed okay booking online because we were only staying two nights. This year, no way would I go back there. 

The desk staff was fine and did bring items we requested right away (a zillion pillows so my LO would not roll out of bed). but we had to change rooms TWICE because the first one had no bathtub (special access) when I specifically had called days before and requested a bathtub. The second one, the showerhead was literally ripped off the wall and hanging there. They said gee, you should have never been rented this room, but did NOTHING else.

The third one, we accepted but had I not been exhausted from flying across the country and carrying my sleeping kiddo from room to room, I would have rejected. I found out about fifteen minutes later when I REALLY looked, that it was filthy with scratched black stains on the tub floor and mold around the trim. 

SO there I am at midnight the night before we have an early am brunch, running to a grocery store to clean the bathtub myself! Not cool. The sheets and bedding also stank. And yes, I have a sensitive nose to smell, but even my husband (lol) said they smelled like his grandfather or an old man. So ewwww. Yeah. Luckily my Mom met us at the lobby when we checked in with our sleeping kiddo (long delayed flight) and had brought some extra bedding (and a rail for the bed I had shipped to Mom's house). We used her bedding exclusively because.... ewwww!

Our carpet was also FILTHY! Kiddo's feet were black from walking around the room and she found a bunch of a previous occupant's cereal, a shoe under the couch, a crayon, and a diamond. Literally. Just sitting on the floor. We called the front desk to turn these items in (they did not want the old cereal! Can you believe it???). 

The breakfast was just your standard hotel lobby breakfast btw. There really are way better places nearby for the money!
I really enjoy the dining experience at Christopher's. Overall, it was a really nice place (fine-dining, as many may call it). Ambiance was impecable! The food was surely delicious and prompt you to comeback for more. Most of all, we had a really good bottle of wine, which made the experience a lot more lovely. 

Of course, the price is the only drawback, but you will get what you paid for...again, it's a fine dining. For certain, I don't mind to have a dinner-date here. It is a fine attribute for the modern-romance ambiance. 

I heart this place.
First off, I would like to let all the haters know I am NOT an Arrogant Butcher employee or an employee of Fox Concepts.  That being said,  I went to AB last week and was pleasantly surprised.  I love downtown Phoenix and keep hoping it'll start getting more popular down there.  The ambience is great and love the decor.  
Boyfriend had fish & chips which I know is hard to mess up but it was honestly the BEST fish & chips I've ever had (better than any I had in England).  I had the swordfish w/ barley.  The swordfish was cooked perfectly and I loved the tiny kick in the seasoning.  The entrees were wonderful, but the best part of the whole meal was the blueberry cheesecake!  It comes in a jar and is not ordinary cheesecake but AB's version is soooooo good.  I wanted another!
Service was amazing and food came out in a timely manner.  I don't like when restaurants make their uniforms "unisex" because the poor girls always end up looking so manly.  Let the girls wear something a little more flattering!!
I have been to several Fox places and I couldn't help but notice a lot of copy-catting from other menus.  My only wish for AB would be that they created more of their own entrees/appetizers.
essence
 /sns/ Show Spelled[es-uhns] 
-noun
1. the basic, real, and invariable nature of a thing or its significant individual feature or features: Freedom is the very essence of our democracy.

There are actually five additional dictionary results, but the above is exactly what the word 'essence' in Essence Bakery & Cafe means to me... 

After hearing about Essence Bakery & Cafe for years, I finally made it in for breakfast a few weeks ago.  And I broke the diet completely by going with the Egg Sandwich on a croissant.  No egg whites here, folks!  I went for the real deal!

I devoured my sandwich which included a fried egg with melted Dubliner cheese and tomato.   I washed it down with their Vanilla Iced Coffee.  And I topped it off (a few hours later) with a just sweet enough, delicious pumpkin macaroon!

Friendly staff, laid back casual environment, moderate prices, environmental responsibility, and fabulous food; this place is the essence of a local bakery and cafe.  (Did I use 'essence' correctly in that sentence? I hope so!)
Luck you, Phoenix. To have such a fabulous restaurant in driving distance!

Pulled up to valet, got out and sucked in my breath. This place is GORGEOUS. From palm trees to outdoor fireplaces this is one of the nicest restaurants I've ever seen. I really love how warm and inviting it is. There is an abundance of outdoor seating and with the heat lamps and fireplace it really does keep the temperature nice and toasty (it was a mild 55). 

Went into the bar and sat down at high top tables and was greeted with a basket of nirvana in the form of sticky buns. They know they could sell these things, right? WTH? I have never in all of my life been greeted with something so delicious when I sat down at a restaurant table. Go away, Cinnabon, you've been replaced, and handily. Hasta. 

Ordered a glass of mediocre wine, Bogle. You can buy this wine for $8 a bottle at Total Wine so I certainly wouldn't pay $9 for a glass, but I wasn't paying, so...it was decent if you're getting it for free!

Anyway, onto the bar menu, which the only thing I ate off of. Ordered the mini grilled cheese sandwiches with three artisan cheeses. One happened to be blue cheese which I despise and waited until the last one to eat it. I asked the waitress, fabulous Rachel, if I could replace this with the brie and she said of course! She then proceeded to bring me a WHOLE plate of sandwiches! For free! You have to love great service! A co-worker got the chicken enchiladas, and while they were delicious, they had a sting to them so be careful! Those were on the dinner menu, not bar menu, by the way. 

As we were leaving I asked for some sticky buns to go and Rachel brought a nice sized to go box of them for us. Thank you!!! 

I could see spending a lot of time here if I lived in this area. It's beautiful, the staff is friendly (especially Rachel!) and the food is delicious! I would definitely highly recommend and I'll be SO jealous if you go!
At last a sandwich spot that is not a last resort when you run out of ideas of where to go for lunch. The traits of their bread are masterly perfected to reduce sogginess all while having a slight chew. My favorite as of yet is the #9 Italian Night Club. It's what a true Italian sandwich should be sans a few bells a whistles. Portions are fairly generous and likewise the prices. As of yet, the service is beyond par and I hope for it to remain that way. Not quite Potbelly's but good enough. One caveat, make sure to not get a whiplash while watching how fast your sandwich gets made.
OMG!! That was the worst ever. I was so completely disappointed with this restaurant I can not believe it. We went in at 7:30 and they were out of all seafood - no shrimp, no scallops, and believe it or not even plain fish either. The service was mediocre if not a tad rude and the portion sizes were paltry. I would have preferred PF Chang's, and we all know how Chinese that place is ...
No Malibu Rum at the beach, really?? WTF people?? When I asked for Malibu Rum I was brought that fake ripoff crap Parrot Bay. Did I ask for Parrot Bay? No, so don't freaking bring me one and try charging me for it. 

I stick with the margarita pitchers here, folks. Not overly generous on the alcohol though :( and lastly, don't pay hundreds for bottle service and get stuck in a cabana with no heat!!!!

Oh, and the guy candy is hit or miss. Sometimes, A OK... other times, hard to tell everyone apart since they are all wearing the same douche bags shirts and hair gel. (No fist pump necessary)!!!
I was in the area for a conference and Yelp led me to this lovely establishment.  I set a reservation for 5:30 on a Thursday night.  Chris asked if I had any allergies or foods that I didn't like. You care?  Awww.... My only request was no beets. He also asked if I had any time constraints. At least give yourself an hour here.   I ended up running late, but Chris assured me it was no problem.  I arrived and was kindly greeted by Chris and his staff of 2 (one of which was a trainee).  I chose to sit inside so I could see him cook.  The inside is small, intimate and quaint. The cooking area is off to side, but in a location where most diners can see Chris in action.  

The first course was shredded cucumber noodles with chopped roma tomatoes, grated asiago cheese atop 2 toasted slices of baguette with olive oil.  The cucumber threw me off a little, but everything tasted fantastic together! The perfect blending of ingredients.  I probably coulda eaten another serving but thank goodness I didn't.  The second course was Shrimp cakes with green beans, black rice with carrots, purple cabbage, and zucchini, served with a sweet chili sauce.  There was a little kick on the finishing bites of the shrimp cakes. Nothing unbearable.  I wasn't a big fan of the green beans. But they were just plain.  The shrimp cakes with the black rice were wonderful. I got pretty full from the shrimp cake, but shamelessly finished the entire portion. The final course, dessert, was pumpkin bread pudding topped with glazed pear and toasted nuts with cranberry sauce on the side and a sprig of mint.  This portion was HUGE! I think I maybe took about 4 bites and just couldn't eat anymore. The dessert was delicious and I especially liked the glazed pear topping.  The food tasted very fresh. Chris mentioned that he had gone to the market earlier that day to prepare for dinner.  

Service - The staff, to include Chris, was very attentive. About mid way through my dinner, 2 more couples arrived and decided to sit outside. A few minutes after the waitress seated them, Chris asked the waitress, "Is everybody comfortable?"  Really?!  If ain't customer service, then I don't know what is. Oh wait, yes I do. So I've paid my bill (only cash accepted; think it was around $65) and I stand up to leave. I walk over to Chris to thank him for a wonderful dining experience and ask if I can take his picture. He graciously obliges and takes a pic with me. After the pictures, I walk out the door and who should follow? Chris! He walked me to my car and even opened my door. If THAT'S not customer service, then I dunno what is!  I can't say enough about this little gem. I only wish Chris could split his time between AZ and DC. At least think about it, Chris?? :-p  I

If you ever find yourself near Scottsdale, make some time for Cafe Monarch. You won't be disappointed.
The Nile Theater is the only REAL venue to experience music at. Been going there since I was 13 years old, I wouldn't change a thing!
My wife and I had some banking to do nearby, saw this place, crossed our fingers and gave it a shot for lunch. My favorite type of discovery. An independent, local place that offers nice value and good honest food. Clean, tiny and not fancy, its a throwback that feels like a coffee shop crossed with a Chinese joint from 1975. $6.50 lunch specials that included great soup, and egg roll and tasty, traditional entrees on my grandmother's plates. We'll be back.
This place is excellent.  Pricey, yes, but the food is excelelnt and that IS the first reason we eat at a restaurant, right?  Nothing special on the outside and the inside is a touch on the spartan side, too.  No white table cloths here.  Booths.  A basic eatery decor. 

Alaskan Brewing on tap - not sure where else in the Valley you can find that!

I usually get the pasta special and have NEVER been disappointed, even when it is something I might not ordinarily order.  Last week it was spinach gnocci in bacon cream sauce.  Amazing!  Wings are pretty good as well.

Old time waitressing with fun chatting and joking if you wish.  A friendly place that appreciates your business.

Don't arrive too late for lunch or you will be hunting for a parking spot in the gravel lot out back.
It's taste buds versus spicy thai in a duel to the death....ok well maybe not that extreme but the food here does pack a punch. Came here with the family and it was good but very hot, even when we asked for things to not be that spicy as some at the table couldn't handle it. For example the thai hot wings we ordered but asked for low spice...they had me burning up and required a trip to the restroom to take care of the sweat. I regularly complain that hot wings most places aren't spicy enough and order suicide wings a decent amount if that gives you any idea of how hot these had to be.

The seafood curry was great as was the whole fish that was lightly battered with mango salsa (i think halibut), both were great. The panang was also very good but again packed some serious heat.

Overall it's good but I would say a bit over priced and some of the heat of the dishes takes away from the flavor. Probably need to give it a second chance for a full evaluation but call it 3-3.5 stars for now.
I was at Fresh and Easy next door and saw this place and had to try it since I love wine bars. My friend and I went last Friday for happy hour at 5pm and it was already packed (mainly an older crowd). I had two glasses of red wine and both were wonderful. $5 a glass isn't bad either! I didn't really care for the bruschetta because the bread was too soft. The salmon one was tasteless, and the hummus and prosciutto ones were decent. We also tried the spinach/artichoke dip and I didn't like the bread that came with it. I guess I'm just too picky about bread. 

I liked this place a lot better than the nearby wine bar Dvine.
i cannot give this place 5 stars because i went there today at 3:30 and IT WAS CLOSED.  what business closes at 3?  REALLY?  oh phoenix, you're killing me.

BUT the food (creative, delicious sandwiches and desserts), speedy service, and reasonable prices really do deserve 5 stars.  The chicken/asparagus/havarti sandwich almost killed my taste buds with its deliciousness.  i went for carry-out at a peak time (about 12:30) and TOTAL, from joining the 6-person line to walking out the door, I probably spent about 15 minutes there.  very fast service=very happy jenny.

i didn't get dessert, but i will be back on a day when i'm feeling either very fit or very depressed.  maybe tomorrow, due to my 3 PM CLOSE TIME funk.  crimeny. 
:)
Five stars for the pie.

Three stars for the service when I was there for lunch with my dad, which is what this check in was for. He'd brought his dog with on his visit to see me, so we had to sit outside. The outdoor seating area was filthy and our server rarely came out to see us. The food was wonderful, but that only partially makes up for the state of where we ate.
I don't drink coffee but if you like tea then you should really be going here at the least.  They have whole leaf tea that is freshly and perfectly brewed.  Good selection too.

None of those darn packets!

Booo Starbucks.  BOOOO!

The staff is very helpful and patient.
Il bosco reminded me of a pizza place on lago lugano in switzerland.  The owner is very laid back and generous; he even bought me a "campari" soda.  It's obvious he has a lot of passion in his restaurant.  The ambiance is intimate and the staff is attentive and on their game.

The flavor from the wood fire oven was as expected.  The pizza dough was over kneaded...also, if the portion of bread/crust was less I think I would have been more pleased.  The ingredients seemed fresh but average quality.  The amount of cheese and sauce was perfect though...

I'm honestly unsure if I'll return.  My expectations were higher.  Still, give it a try if you want a decent pizza with great service and atmosphere!
I heard about this place from some of my friends and of course on TV. So when I had the chance to visit AZ, I just had to hit it up, since I LOVE burgers. 

As you walk in the door, you are greeted by good looking girls in skimpy nurses outfits. When you are seated, everyone must put on a hospital robe before ordering. There are even mirrors behind the counter that are angled up for a view of the waitress's sexy nurse costumes. So far so good.... 

My expectations were very high but they did nothing but disappoint with their burger. Their all you can eat fries on the other hand were absolutely amazing (I even went back for 2nds). 

They do have a great concept here, but they just have to work on their burger recipe.
Beautiful place, mediocre food.  Frustrating since I drive past it every week wishing we had a great mexican place in the neighborhood.  Nearby Juan Jaime's is better and cheaper with 1/10th the attitude.
I moved to the Phoenix area about 5 months ago and have been wanting to go to Rustler's ever since.  I heard that the restaurant had a great view of the valley and was ideal for sunsets.  I finally got to go recently and I was kind of disappointed.  First, parking was strange.  The restaurant is on a hill and there was limited parking at the top near the restaurant and so there's additional parking down the hill, which you either trek up/down by foot or take a shuttle.  Second, I was expecting a romantic atmosphere but there were kids running around every where and even a slide for them inside.  Third, the food was expensive and not that great.  The food reminded me of the food you get at a buffet.  The place felt mainly like a  tourist attraction and is something you only do once. However, the view was nice, the restaurant had an old west feel with a live band and they give you free cotton candy at the end of your meal.
I used to be obsessed with this little hole in the wall of a gem, Espos. They have the best green chili burro I have ever had. 

...that was until one day I picked up an order and was filling my drink waiting for them to bag it up. On the soda fountain you won't believe what I saw...

it was COVERED in cock roaches. Big ones and baby ones. They were crawling all throughout the machine. When I told the lady in the window she said "Oh, I am sorry about that, would you like a bottled beverage?"

UH NO! I would like you to freak out a little bit and sound somewhat shocked and FIX IT!!!!! 

I alerted the better business bureau about that. I am sure it has been fixed but I don't think I'll ever be able to go back without gagging. 

So be on alert for creepy crawlies while you're there..
Chino Bandido is one of my favorite restaurants.  The food is as bizarre as it is delicious.  And, they'll let you try before you buy!

Half the time, the place is packed, but don't fear the long line or the daunting task of filling out your order.  You'll be at the counter quickly, and if you have no idea what to do with that piece of paper, just take it up there blank.  They'll figure it out for you.

Great place.
Not really a first choice for pizza in Surprise.  Went with my gym partner and we waited 5 minutes just to get his order in??  Decided to hang out, they messed up his order and not a fan of all the beetles crawling around the wait area.  
If I could pick another pizza place in Surprise I would take any other of the millions in Surprise.  Sorry, but with so much competition pizza is overdone here. Top notch service and cleanliness is a must in my book.
Insanity!  Overcrowding!  Being on one side of the Southwest terminal and then to run your ass to the otherside to make your connecting flight in what seems like a mile away at the otherside of the terminal.  (It is set up like a giant U.  So it is quite the jog).

The food places in here stink, the bathrooms are cramped and there are not enough seats for everyone waiting for their flight.  

In short, this airport stinks.  The only saving grace is the quality customer service from the employees.
I have two opinions of this place-it got a LOT better as the night went on. Not sure if it was the drinks...wine seems to make everything better doesn't it? We got there really early, like 8:00, to get a table for our large group for the evening, and the place was packed with Karaoke "regulars". 

When I say regulars, I mean these are the folks that probably would try out for American Idol if they weren't about 30 years too old for the show. Seriously amazing voices and talent, but taking it a little TOO seriously. You know the types. I actually felt a little uncomfortable and out of place until I FINALLY got to since my first song. Our waitress was a total bitch and tried to short change my friend $10. We hadn't had THAT many drinks that we wouldn't have noticed $10 missing on a $3.00 beer. 

Fast forward to about 10:30 or 11. Many drinks have been had at this point and the regulars have thinned out. Crowd is pumped, singing along, dancing on stage and having a great time! The place is packed with people who just want to sing along, dance, and get a little crazy - not try to score a record deal! My type of crowd for sure. 

Moral of the story: If you are a super serious Karaoke starlet that feels you missed out on your record deal, go early, like 5pm and then please leave promply at 10. If you want to go and shake your ass, sing along to every song out there, and have a grand old time, hit it up after 10. Just don't expect to get a seat.
I really wanted to take the time to review this place as I really enjoyed it and the fact that I used to Yelp to find it. It was my first time at this restaurant as I was visiting Scottsdale for the weekend, from Santa Barbara, CA. My friend and I stopped in on a Saturday morning for breakfast. We sat outside and enjoyed a mimosa while our service was prompt and courteous. There weren't many people there and our food came out quickly. 
I ordered the lemon ricotta pancakes and subbed scrambled eggs for the bacon/sausage it came with. The eggs were perfectly moist and delicious, unlike some places I've been where dry, over-scrambled, tasteless eggs are the norm. The pancakes were amazing! I loved the creamy dollops of ricotta cheese and lemon curd throughout. The only thing I would suggest is to make them a little smaller. It comes with 2 plate fitting pancakes. They could probably do 3 smallish ones and it be enough food; they are definitely filling. I just felt bad because I couldn't eat them all and it seemed like a waste to throw the rest away. Aside from that, bravo! If I ever venture back to Scottsdale, I'll happily visit here again!
First i would like to state, I signed up to yelp to put feedback about this place. Can you say amazing? i would like to say i'm one of the pickiest eaters(especially pizza) that crap dominos or pizza hut just won't cut it for me. If u like Real authentic "Chicago" style pizza go here. i believe that most of these crock so-called "Chicago Style" places are just that, crocks. Great Service, ambience is great a bunch of chicago themed sports teams all over the place and just SPECTACULAR pizza. The best pizza for everyone that i recommend here is Sausage and Green Pepper on their world famous "medium crust" with extra sauce. The owner johnnie is a stand up man and literally always treats you like family.

There is only one downfall about this place and its' that they're only open on Thurs-Sundays. This place is great i sincerly recommend EVERYONE to try this, it is definately one of these places that will become your usual pizza spots.
Always love it!! so good and good price
What an incredible early afternoon post-workday! We arrived at 4p for their happy hour and found a wonderful table out on their small patio. As we waited for friends, we ordered their chips and queso, which I am quite certain has some sort of magic voodoo in it! Loaded with roasted pork and loads of imported cheeses, it is quite possibly one of the greatest quesos this Texan has ever tasted! 

For our supper, we ordered their chicken flatbread - a huge concoction of incredible! We also could not leave without their green chili pork and warm tortillas... another favorite. Service was a bit slow this time as it was crowded on the patio but we always go back for happy hour.
Had a great time at Don & Charlies this past weekend. It was my nephew's wedding rehearsal dinner in a room that did a nice job of seating about 100 people. The food was good, but the staff was really amazing. 

The servers included Sam, Donna, Christine, Ana Leslie, and Pam. So appreciative of the remarkable job they all did. It's hard to believe that they were able to serve such a large group so well. These guys really know how to do a large group!

So let's talk about the food. The meal started with what I understand is a staple at Don & Charlie's: chopped liver. It was pretty decent chopped liver, but it's hard to get rave reviews from me because my wife's chopped liver is widely believed to be the best in the world. The cheese toast was also pretty darn good and served really hot which, in my opinion, is a must for really good cheese bread.  

Our meal included of a choice of salad which included a tossed salad, Cole slaw or potato salad. I choose the Cole slaw and assumed it would be on the side, since I have never had it served as a starter (like a basic tossed salad) but, nope, they serve it before the entree just like a green salad. A little strange to me, but, hell, these guys are entitled to do it any way they want to do it. 

Our group had a choice of four different entrees: prime rib, salmon, chicken, or BBQ baby back ribs (I did the ribs, of course). But since it was a family event, I had no problem finding someone to share the other three entrees so I'm here to tell you, all four entrees were damn good. There was nothing unusual about the preparation or particularly creative about their plate presentation. It's just a bunch of good, tasty food served to be chowed. And I definitely chowed! The prime rib was awesome. I love going to Lawry's Prime Rib for killer prime rib, and I gotta say this was some really good prime rib. 

The hot fudge sundae was a nice way to finish the meal but I gotta be honest, I was way too full to enjoy it. Although, I did eat most of it! I like the way they serve the hot fudge and whipped cream in separate little serving pieces. It helps keep the ice cream from turning to soup and you can adjust the ice cream, syrup, whipped cream ratio to exactly what you like.

I gotta mention the memorabilia that adorns just about every wall in the place from floor to ceiling. I heard it's all been given the the owner Don, which is not hard to believe since most of it appears to have been signed with a personal note to Don. The guy certainly has received autographed memorabilia from just about everybody. He's even got a baseball signed by Babe Ruth stashed in there, the first one I've ever seen.

Pretty cool place with generous portions of pretty tasty food.
I hate to go against the grain and give this place a not-so-hot rating, but my experience was so atypical of everything else I experienced while staying at the Hyatt. The hotel service was soooo fabulous so I expected that the spa would be the same. 

I found the front desk service was extremely unhelpful and I hate to say it - a little snotty. To begin, I made my appointment one morning for that afternoon. I was going to be there for a week so I wanted a spray tan and I really really needed a pedicure. I wasn't even thinking about the problems this would cause at the time (I will explain about that later), but about 30 minutes before my appointment I realized I was going to be a few minutes late. I decided to call and see if it was possible to push my appointments back a few minutes. She said no. I asked if I could simply move them later that day or split them up. I was being very flexible and was hoping she would be helpful and try to help me figure out a solution. She was not helpful and all and then informed me that they had a 48 hour cancellation policy and that would apply to me if I was going to be late and hence couldn't make my appointment. I realize the being late was my fault, but I have never come across a salon that wouldn't rebook me so I wouldn't be charged the cancellation fee. So I rushed over to the salon and ended up only being about 5 minutes late. 

I was already feeling frustrated when I finally remembered my spray tan rules and knew I should probably shower before my appointment and that the lotion from the pedicure would be a problem. Apparently the therapist doing my pedicure would be doing both treatments. So I asked her if I could shower after my pedicure and before my spray tan. She said there wasn't time, but she ended up saying that I could come back for my spray tan tomorrow morning. I was grateful to  finally find someone helpful and understanding. So, I had my pedicure and it was only okay. The massage portion was not even as good as less expensive shopping center nail salons. 

The next morning, I returned for my spray tan. I am very familiar with all the types of spray tans out there and I know all of the rules and best practices. Anyway, I am not shy when it comes to getting an airbrush tan, because I would rather not have lines from undergarments, so when she handed me the disposable underwear I asked her if I could just be naked. You would have thought I asked her if I could give her a lap dance! She looked pretty uncomfortable with the idea (I mean, come on, you massage naked people!), so I just wore the underwear. Of course I got horrible looking lines that ended up showing when I wore my swimsuit. Ugh. In addition, I think she mixed the tanning solution herself and this particular solution had a bronzer in it. Unfortunately, I think it was mostly bronzer, because it was coming off on everything! Normally I sleep in the solution in order to get the most out of the color, but anything I touched before I showered turned black! I have never experienced this before. I was running to the shower after 4 hours to get the bronzer off!

I don't know if my experiences were just flukes or what, but the front desk service was too rude to just be limited to myself. I did have to give this spa 3 stars though because their facilities were amazing and I would love to have just relaxed in their pools and relaxation rooms. Would not recommend their spray tan and their pedicure was just "meh." My boyfriend had a massage and said it was fabulous, so maybe just stick to massages!
Great soup at a great price.

I go for the veggie soup normally, since I'm a bit leery of the raw meats and strange meatballs you can get.  Their vermicelli is also quite edible.

Service could be a little quicker.

Bring cash if you're spending less than $5 - with pho and water you will pay 3.50 + tax.  Cheapest lunch in town.
Great place to look for bikes. My girlfriend and I were looking to find some new ways to spend time together and stay active at the same time. The gentleman who helped us listened to all our questions and helped us make a good choice on bikes. We absolutely love our bikes and are so glad we dropped by.
This place quickly became my favorite bar in Scottsdale. The staff are always amazing and are ready to recommend a drink. The bartenders treat their job like a profession not just a cool job. So they know their stuff and their drinks. John, the bar manager, is a great guy to talk to. In fact, I should go back when he is working and pick his brain some more about tending bar. Seriously, when my Dad and I were there. He just told us all about tending bar and all the cool things he learned. And as someone who is getting into the hotel industry, I might need this knowledge at some point. And go during Happy Hour, which starts at 3. Great drink specials. Cant speak on the food, only had it once. But the menu has changed a lot since then. 

Drink of Choice at Old Town Whiskey: Moscow Mule 
Because it is made in the traditional old copper cup. Which makes  it taste better, I swear it does. Also it made with my favorite Ginger Beer from Australia, which is always hard to find here in the US. Must remind myself to ask them where they get it.
Just stopped in for the first time. Super-friendly staff (yes, I'm talking about you, Grace), a very cool set of spaces and delicious soy chai latte. 

Brought some scones to work - fresh baked on site this morning. 

I will be back again ...and again. Looking forward to the opening of the wine bar in November.
Their cake batter flavor is good. Look in the Sunday paper for 2 for $6 offers.
After checkin out my fave NY&Co in AZ @ the ghetto fab Metro Center, I have a lil time before I hafta get to my next location & am starving.  Lookin for something quick & easy, I initially intend to go to Subway.  Then I see Z Pizza a few doors down & decide to check out the menu.  

They had a pretty extensive menu with salads, pastas, & sandwiches offering something for everyone.  Instantly, I'm persuaded to order the $5.95 special--2 slices of pre-made pizza & a fountain drink.  Looking @ my choices in the warmer, the pizzas had just come outta the oven, so I figure the special is a decent choice.  I go with 2 slices of the napoli with fresh tomatoes, basil & mozzarella.  It was fantastic!!!  

Location is nice too.  If you're in the mood for dessert, there's a coldstone, smoothie place, & starbux within walking distance.
My wife and I go here a lot. She really loves it. She gets chicken swarma. Always pretty good. I get gyros pita. Ordering gyros here is very hit and miss. They leave it on the spit way too long. Today my gyros was crispy. How can it be crispy? Ridiculous. Some days it's melt in your mouth and awesome. It's about 50/50. I guess they don't want to throw away food. Christina's on chandler blvd and Lindsey is way more dependable for gyros.
I don't think there's such thing as a dry cleaners that I love.  There are many that are good (or at least adequate) and I will repeatedly give them business.  There are several that I hate and would never use again.  Monte Carlo Cleaners is certainly the former.

I've been using this dry cleaner on and off for years.  Originally because I used to work on a TV show that was taped at a now closed restaurant in the Promenade, and now because I currently live just a couple of miles away.  No problems to report.  Monte Carlo has never lost or ruined a garment, and anytime I've showed them a stain, it was cleanly removed.  The price is on par with most dry cleaners in the valley.  It's actually very good when compared to much of the competition in the immediate area.

It's a little annoying that they don't take credit cards, but that seems to be a very common trend in the dry cleaning business.
I met friend for lunch at FEZ today...And as always, I thoroughly enjoyed myself.

I hadn't caught up with Mark (my Philosophy Cafe buddy) in several months (he didn't even know that I am headed for the beach!) and it was great to see him and chit-chat for a while.

They were smokin' busy at lunch today...Thomas was just a blue shirted blur as he sped through the place making sure each table was getting what they needed and that FEZ was running smoothly!

Indeed it was!

I was going to have my favorite...the incomparable FEZ burger!

But the plan for today was to head to Zinburger for a little celebration dinner tonight (it got a little derailed, we ended up "feasting" at home), so I went with my alternate favorite...the Tan Tan Chicken sandwich!

So very good with bacon and fries and so very bad for me (I was fortunate to have just biked for 30 miles this morning, so I needed the additional toxins).

It reminds me a little of a muffaletta, but so much better.

Mark and I chatted and caught up while we enjoyed FEZ's impeccable service and great sandwiches.

I'd tell you I'm going to miss this place when I head to the coast, but it will be in my regular rotation whenever I'm back in the Valley of the Sun.

I also offered Thomas the queen size bed in the guest room (he was so nice, said he'd be happy on a futon, but that's not how I roll), so I figure I'll be able to get a table at FEZ when I'm in town!
I love this place! I've been here for lunch, dinner & Happy-Hour... I've had soups, shrimp-n-chips, pasta dishes, steak... (practically the whole menu) & I've always been pleased w/ my food. I'm partial to their fries as well. Great Margaritas (try the Coyote & the Pomegranate) The shakes & floats are pretty yummy as well.

One of the main reasons I like come is *because* of the staff... They've always been friendly & funny & quite entertaining. I'm a patron that likes to interact w/ who-ever is serving me. 

Seating is plentiful inside & out. The bar seating itself is a little small-ish. Friendly diner-feel inside. 

Steve's comes highly recommended from me ;)
First time, recently moved here and hated to have to find a new OBGYN, luckily I found Advanced Care, P.A. Kilman, was awesome!! She answered so many questions, and took the time, I didn't feel hurried. She was careful, and made me feel very comfortable. The front desk staff were ok, they made me wait for them as they finished their conversation, but the most important part,the nurse and the PA were great!!
So Garduno's is now Camarones and from what I can tell the only difference is the name. 

The building itself is very nice. Multiple seating areas, a cute patio bar as you enter and even an sun room (where we sat) that looks like you could open the windows and let fresh air in if desired. The menu has the standards on there fajitas, chimis, enchiladas, combination plates, etc. They even have steaks, some seafood options, and the standard hamburger (that all chain Mexican restaurants feel they need to have for our out of town company from the Midwest that is not used to the "spice"). The prices are a bit steep for what you end up getting in my opinion. The portion sizes were large, but the flavor was lacking. I shared a "fiesta platter" with my mom trying to get a feel for the food and other than the red chili pork burrito, ever thing else was bland. The chicken in the quesadilla was just boiled chicken. I would of liked some chile or onion laced within to try and amp up the flavor but no such luck. The rolled tacos were just as bland and not much different from the kind you find in your freezer selection. Was it the best choice off the menu? Probably not but I was feeling cheep and not incredibly hungry so spending 20 bucks on fajitas didn't sound appealing. I thought my meal would be redeemed by service and sophapillas- but our waiter was just OK and my drink sat empty for a while which bugs me and the sophapillas, while hot, lacked cinnamon, sugar or powder sugar, and despite my generous application of honey where still bland in comparison to other places.
This visit resulted in a mixed bag. 

The Highlights: Chocolate scone was very good. 

The Lowlights: The drink I got was good, too bad it was not what I ordered. Would have corrected it, but it took about 15 minutes to get it in the first place. Can't really figure out why, because despite the place being totally full, there were no orders ahead of ours. 

Yea, I would go back.
i love cracker barrel!  their pecan pancakes are amazing and super filling!!  also, get their biscuits and gravy...  delish!  wish there was one in the Bay Area...
Pretty good place to all to blow off some steam.  They have areas for all ages and free wifi for the waiting parents.  I jumped for awhile but like fellow Yelper friend Melissa H. said 15 minute sperts is all I was good for so I did multiply sperts..lol..the kid on the other hand jumped a long time.  As she jumped I surfed the web  :-)
they closed!

nooooooooo...where will i get kimchi from now  :(
Was welcomed with wide open arms... No literally, the valet came out with his arms wide open and asked, "where do you plan to park this thing?"

To be fair, I showed up in an oversized Toyota Tundra and trailer... But I didn't expect that warm welcome.   I asked if he greeted all of his guests this way, and he realized that he came off as an ass and tried to correct the situation.

I ended up getting a parking space a half mile away, and walking back and forth to my vehicle.  

I'd recommend this hotel, as long as you live a straight forward, in-the-box life. We needed special accommodations regarding our stay. The manager assured me there'd be no problem and she'd get back to me.   She left for vacation without ever getting back to me. When I followed up I was told to literally go stay at the Sheraton, despite the fact that I was staying here as part of a very large conference, and had previously been told they'd make it work.  Not how I expected the situation to be handled. 

Pretty disappointed overall. The hotel was nice, but the people weren't. I'd recommend the Sheraton.
We went there with high hopes & but got disappointment.
Many of the items had just rice with charred vegetables without any spice. Even meat items had no taste. We felt it too costly for the quality we got.
Desserts were okay.
Definitely not your regular Thai place...lots of unique dishes and beautiful presentation.  Good food, friendly wait staff, cozy interior, and nice patio.  Perhaps it's the trendy-ness of the restaurant or the presence of a little one attached to me but I don't find myself saying "Let's go to Wild Thaiger" that often anymore.  Definitely more of a trendy "date night" romantic spot than a kid-friendly casual place!
I work in the Scottsdale Quarter and this has become one of my favorite lunch and happy hour spots. Their Tuesday chicken sandwich special is out of this world! I also love the BLT with egg, and really like the salmon salad, chicken panini, fries and house-made ketchup. Although the macaroni and cheese is kind of pricey for the portion size, it's also amazing. BUT it's half off at happy hour along with many (or all?) of their other appetizers, and they have great drink specials. Service isn't top notch, but for a busy restaurant in the Quarter I'd say they do a good job. I'm stopping in for my lunch all the time and would definitely recommend it to others in the area!
This place is awesome.  You want a perfect breakfast spot at most times of the day then this is your place!  The décor is very southwestern and you have a place that gives you wonderful pieces of bacon as the name does state.  We had an issue with the menu order printer which resulted in our food being late in arrival (about 30 min. later after ordering), but the owner of the place knew of the issue and made it up for us by paying for our breakfast, free of charge!  This is a place that redeems itself; therefore, I am giving it very high marks and kudos!  Whatever you do, if you are a bacon lover, this is your place to be.

Ignore the "uppity" reviews from the "wannabe" snobs.  I am a corporate IT executive professional from Silicon Valley, California, and give everything a fair shot and give a good judge of small business acumen based on a company's "big picture" performance. 

Bacon is your "hole in the wall" place that is up and coming and I believe it will prevail in the months/years ahead.  Good job guys.  Keep up the good work and keep to the southwestern AZ flair mixed with the modern touch.
We ate here on a Friday night. Food was ok, everything was just ok. The lobster claws and crab legs were good. They are cold, so if you are a fan of hot lobster you can have them reheat them, the crab legs are split in half (bonus) but you can't really reheat those. The Kobe beef was good, but small pieces. I think the brunch is must better than the dinner. The deserts seemed to be of the high end premade frozen type. The staff behind the buffet appeared to be upset when they had to replenish  the food. Oh we'll, we won't be back for dinner, but probably for breakfast.
I won't be able to say enough about this place. 
First off, the best happy hour deals in town. I mean, who doesn't love seeing a $1-$3 price margin on delicious greek food ?! 
My friend and I "splurged" and shared like 6 items off the menu + 2 glasses of cabernet which was definitely NOT bad at all for $3. Everything was delicious so I don't think there's a need to go into detail about each one. The side plate of pita made everything that much better as well. 

The interior is modern and lively. Nice patio for those who like enjoying the heat/arizona breeze in front of a nice man made lake =p

Will definitely be back!
If I could give this place 6 stars, I would!

Tasty? Indulgent? Doesn't-taste-like-it's-vegi/vegan? Check, Check, Check!!

Honestly I have probably never been more emphatic about a restaurant.

This quaint little shop (although it has been expanded) has a wonderful vibe, and you are able to see just how fresh their food is. Their chalkboard of daily specials welcomes you and their glass-door refrigerators remind you that you are eating fresh, whole, and unaltered vegetables and fruits.

The cashier is knowledgeable, friendly, and greeted with a smiling face.

I ordered the Strawberry Rhubarb French Toast and a cup of the daily soup: Curried Sweet Potato. (I'm a sucker for anything sweet potato.)

I sat down with my number and waited for my food. Both dishes arrived shortly, and my mouth watered at their sight.

The french toast (banana bread with the rhubarb jam and whipped cream) was likely the best french toast I've ever had. I used to have a favorite place for french toast, but this plate left it in the dust. The banana bread was moist, thick, and came with delicious fresh strawberries. Not too sweet, and the light rhubarb jam complemented the thick banana bread to a tee. Unlike other new and healthy restaurants, the portions were not tiny and unfilling. On the contrary, I would think most people would split the order of french toast. I just wish I had come on a day with a special french toast on the menu!

The sweet potato soup was sweet, creamy, and the curry flavors accented it wonderfully.


To finish things off, I couldn't leave without trying one of their tempting cakes! I spoke with one of the owners for a while (who is wonderful), and based on her recommendation I tried the mango and blackberry raw cheesecake. Not only did this cheesecake not taste like it had no dairy, but it likely tops other cheesecakes I have tried.

I can only hope this place stays in business for years to come. When it comes to nutrition, it is vital for restaurants to be completely aware of what they are serving, for them to strive to bring patrons healthy meals, and have fun doing it! Pomegranate Cafe does not fall short; I will be back soon!
The restroom was just filthy.  Anthony Bourdain in Kitchen Confidential says that he never eats in a restaurant that has dirty bathrooms. Bathrooms are relatively easy to keep clean, if that's how they keep the bathroom...imagine what the kitchen looks like? 

Sloppy sushi rolls. Indifferent service. 

I enjoyed the calamari the most. The eel nigiri was nice. Definitely would never go back.
Great neighborhood place. Fast friendly service. The food is excellent!  The breakfast burrito was amazing!  Prices good. Wish they were open weekends. But happy they are there during the week. Loved it!  Thanks Beth
I've always been a fairly active guy, but in the past ten+ years, with age, the job and two young kids, I started to notice I'm becoming more and more a couch potato, And close to forty pounds overweight. My wife joined Physix a few months ago, and she has lost over twenty pounds, is down almost three sizes, and looks and feels fantastic. With her encouragement, and because I'd like to see my kids graduate twenty years from now, I bit the bullet, and joined Physix. I am SO glad I did.

I've joined gyms before, but nothing like this. The instructors are fantastic, and really know their stuff about both diet and exercise. They will help you set and achieve your goals, without trying to pressure you into buying all their "stuff".  There are all types of clients there, from all different age groups and fitness levels, so even with me being both a newcomer and out of shape I still felt welcome. They come up with different group workouts to keep it challenging, interesting and fun. They are great at designing exercises that  target areas to help build up your core, loose weight and get back in shape. After a workout there I really feel the difference. I couldn't have picked a better gym, or group of people to work out with.

My plan is to loose the weight, start jogging and get back into mountain bike riding. With Physix I have no doubt I will have the support to meet those goals, and maybe even set more.
I'm a big fan of their beer selection. There are other places with more taps, but you'll find a high turnover here so every time you visit there's something you didn't see last time. It's a good mix of styles but sometimes it's all "strong ale" types. The bottle selection is also top notch. The price matches the product. Be prepared to shell out some cash, but it's a fair price for premium product.

The staff here is really hit or miss. Most of the time it's someone who's knowledgeable about their stock and attentive to their customers, but I've been there when the bartender spent literally 30 min talking to his friend without looking at another customer (guess no one else in the bar had enough hipster cred).

The place is small and cozy, but it's usually not too hard to find a few seats together. The music depends on the bartender; it can be soft in the background or cranked up high.

Overall, a very likeable place.
This restaurant has some pretty GOOD TORTAS....MMMM MMMM MMMM...THAT'S ALL I CAN SAY....they're delicious and very worth it. They're prices are decent, the girls have great customer service and very friendly....i wish i could of stayed there to eat but i was too tired so i got it to go. Not only is the food great but fast also.....next time i will relax and have a margarita while i wait for my food.....
I tried Z's last month while on a hiatus from cooking.  It was great, except when you're eating out 7 nights a week, it better be cheap.  Z's fit the bill.

I was a little hesitant when we arrived and no one was there, but having read Jim W's updated review, we went in anyway.  Nothing special inside except the food.  It was surprisingly good!  I was especially pleased they serve the fat, cushy pita bread, rather than the thin, tough bread that doubles as cardboard.  The hummus was quite tasty, even if it was lacking the garlic and green olives when served FEZ style.  The chicken souvlaki pita was full of better than average chicken and fresh veggies.  No wilted lettuce, green tomatoes, and brown onions here.

I loved they have a drive-thru, but I recommend going inside if it's slow.  The poor girl at the counter looked bored out of her mind and genuinely thrilled to have a customer.  Hopefully, that's not the norm because I'm a fan of Z's!
I went into Jiffy Lube for an oil change because it's the closest auto service center to my home and I didn't have the time to drive to a preferred shop. 

I received what I expected from a Jiffy Lube: overpriced service (somewhat balanced it out with a $5-off coupon printed from the website) and mechanics who are more like salesmen. 

When the oil change was done, the mechanic in charge of my car took me out of the waiting area and into their back room where he was trained to run through a computer-aided presentation of attempting to sell me every possible thing in their book. It gets awkward when you say "No thanks" more than three times and the mechanic knows that will continue to be your answer, but by company policy he is forced to continue running through his upsell script.

Also, I didn't appreciate the fact that there were a couple non-uniformed teenagers with hoodies on who were lurking around the service bay area. I hope they were not employees on shift.
I finally made it here after some comments by an industry worker. She told me they had absinthe, so I had to check it out. Mansinthe, Pernod and one fakey are served and made with a drip fountain. However I think they need a lesson and proper glassware. NO FIRE IS INVOLVED WITH ABSINTHE and one needs a straight stemmed glass. 3 parts water, 1 part absinthe with sugar cube, stir thoroughly to dissolve the sugar, then a little ice on top. Rocks glasses aren't the way to go, it splashes and it's just plain incorrect. 
       Anyway, loads of good points - decent beer selection for the freshman beer snob, and there are even some good surprises such as the Leffe and Dogfish Head 90 Minute IPA. 22-ounce bombers of Arrogant Bastard and Rogue brown are also on offer. Way cool little place. Good liquor selection. Service is perfect, more attentive than my local! Maybe I should start going where I feel more like a VIP than a taken-for-granted shlub. 
      I was in this happy hour on Monday (free fajita bar, drink discounts!), and I don't think I want to come any time else - waiting ages for a drink and squeezing by throngs isn't my idea of fun. However I guess it should be easy squeezing by a bunch of skinny, assless fixie hipsters.
      I spied a number of unique liquors, even CHARTREUSE VERTE! What a treat to sip and let explode in your mouth. Lots of unique drinks on the menu, recommended for quieter times.
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
I've been reading other reviews, and I saw some mentions about bad service. I'm disheartened by this but I've never been in when the gal was working.
Try coming in at a different time, LIKE WHEN TONY IS WORKING SOLO. He's pure professional, and if you come in often enough he remembers your name. With me it was after twice. 
I strongly recommend Monday happy hour. FREE FAJITA BAR 5pm!
Please trust me on this.
I take my dogs on a regular basis to Above and Beyond. I have for several years. I moved from Anthem but I still make a 45 minute drive to bring my dogs here. 
I am always impressed with the cleanliness and friendliness of this establishment. The way the shop is set up is it's open so you can always see your pet being groomed nothing is behind closed doors. It's very reassuring. 
Grooming skills are amazing. I request hand scissor finishing, they never charge extra for it. My dogs always look great. They also brush their teeth! For no extra charge!
This place is amazing. I completely trust them with my pets.  My dogs and I are grateful to have found this establishment. I won't go anywhere else.
Let me start by saying I have no idea about the food here, it could be amazing and knock my socks off, but I will not be back to find out.

We came here on a Saturday night and it was annoying.  The service was decent, the drinks pretty strong....that's all that I can say in the good arena here.  

The atmosphere is boring and uninspired, the decor blah and the clientele douchey. (if that's even a word)  Prime example: a 45 year old guy in an Affliction shirt with a sparkly peace sign on the back...what?!  There have to be better places to hang out in Scottsdale.
As many previous Yelp reviews state, Captain Bill's is a great place to grab a sub on the cheap.

Vegetarians can opt for "The Veggie", which should probably be renamed "The Cheesie". It comes packed with 3 types of cheese, a variety of veggies (including avocado) and is best topped with their delish Italian dressing.

The inside of this eatery is plastered with stickers, photos, and other decor. Most of the stickers and signs are comedic in nature, so look around a read while you're there, you're sure to get a chuckle at some of their stuff.

Good subs cheap. Fun atmosphere. I dig it.
This place has not gotten any better over the past 10 years. The service is still bad and they are always running out of food and the food isn't that great either.  Will have to say that I will not be going back to this location or the one off of Glendale and 19th ave.
I was not impressed with Touch of Thai, but it was still pretty good. I had the tofu red curry. Unlike some other Thai joints in town (namely Thai Basil and Swadee) they deep fry their tofu and then throw it in with the curry sauce and give it a drizzle of coconut milk. Our server was a nice enough guy, but nothing to write home about. 

They do have a separate vegetarian menu, but I would prefer that it was incorporated with the regular menu. Also I believe they had something like fish sauce or oyster sauce on the vegetarian menu as well, worries me about what their concept of vegetarian is.

So, it was a  nice enough experience but I don't see myself going back.
Good quality food & nice staff, our server SAM, rocks! She was attentive, kind, and full of knowledge about the food and refreshments. 
Try the Oktoberfest beer! Then make sure to have dessert--they can make the desserts in a smaller portion size. Mall parking, nice location and comfy and cozy atmosphere.
I would totally give Pho Cao 5 stars. Pho Cao has the best Pho that I've eaten so far. I'm originally from California where there are more Vietnamese people and Pho places but Pho Cao beats them all. Besides, the Chicken Curry and the Bun Bo Hue here are incredibly delicious. The service is amazing. The waiters and waitresses here are super friendly and always have a smile on their faces whenever them come serve you. Also the manager Victor Cao is very cool and responsible. He always goes around asking customers if the service is okay and if anything goes wrong, he will always make it up to customers. I usually come hang out here on the weekend when they open until late and do karaoke. This place is packed on the weekend. It's a good spot to hang out and get to know people.The manager always come hang out and chat with me and other customers by the bar.
This place is pretty cool.  Right off Mill Ave and open till 3 am.  I love the inside it has a cool little vibe and a back door that goes right out to the patio of Fat Tuesday, Cantina, Handlebar etc.
I love this place. The first time I came in here, I had never had a latte, except at crappy (Starbucks) or mediocre (Xtreme Bean) shops. When I took the first sip, I knew this was a whole different drink. A grin spread across my face as I got first a touch of light airy foam, then rich milk, and finally the smooth taste of the espresso. I thought I would get used to this, but I've been going there for nearly a year, at times almost every morning, and no matter what I get from there, it puts a grin on my face (except the agave latte, I can't believe people drink that). Even the non-coffee-snobby drinks like the vanilla latte, the chai or the mocha are brilliant. I don't go in as often as I used to now, because I buy their beans and make my coffee at home, mimicking their setup as best as I can.

As far as the service, yes it's true, there is some times a bit of attitude, but quite honestly, you're paying a little more to get a skilled person to make you a delicious drink of the caliber you can only get at a select few places in the valley. If you want a fake-smiling robot who doesn't know how to pull a shot, go to Starbucks. If you want a real human barista who will learn your name and your drink, and yes, maybe mock you a little bit for being a phillistine (and we all are sometimes), then Cartel is the place for you.

The only reason I only give it 4 stars is that they don't serve food. I think they said it's because they don't have a food license at this location or some such (and it might be kind of small for a cafe anyway), but it really would be nice to be able get something to eat here too.
My wife and I went for our anniversary, and I hadn't been in a long while. Something changed since the last time, because the service was ok, but the food left much to be desired. My filet was no better than what I'd be able to do from the store. The sides were good, but honestly, there's nothing that wants to bring me back. When there are so many great choices for a nice dinner out, for the same price-point, I'd have to go someplace else next time.
Tried this place for the 1st time with my gf the other day. The bangers & mash one I had was amazing, and her shepherds pie was really good too. The mint in it was a bit much for me, but she liked it. Can't wait to go back and try the others.
Came back here on a Wednesday afternoon to redeem my complimentary meals with my daughter. When we arrived there was only one table occupied, yet it took about 10 minutes before someone came to our table, as we were waiting I noticed a fly flying around inside the sugar dispenser..yuck!!! 

The server/bartender was very friendly throughout our stay, but as the only one working as tables started to fill up, service lagged a bit. 

I ordered the turkey/raspberry sandwich served with fresh mozzarella, lettuce, cucumber, raspberry jam, and mayo. This is a cold sandwich but the turkey was like room temperature and not very enjoyable. Also, the croissant was very flimsy and did not hold up very well to the ingredients. I  opted for the soup which was Mediterranean Chicken...waaaay too much pepper and not enough salt or chicken.

 My daughter had a similar sandwich (minus the jam) and chips. She said the sandwich was average, but the small broken chips that were on the plate looked like they came from the bottom of the bag...no bueno.

Another issue that I had was that the server/bartender went outside at one point, not sure what he did, but he DID NOT wash his hands when he returned and started making drinks & serving food. A few minutes later when he came to our table he reeked of cigarette smoke....this is not acceptable in any way. 

Despite the issues that I had on this visit I do still like the place for drinks and music...also the employees have been very friendly. I would return for these reasons and I hope that they make some improvements on the areas that I mentioned.
Located in the Westgate Center.
Plenty of parking, especially slow on Tuesday at lunch time . Was almost like ghost town empty.
Went to Calico Jacks first but they were not open at about 12:15 pm although sign said open and saw some movement inside, but my spidey senses said move on.
Saddle ranch right across the way was open so we scooted on over in the 110+ heat to the ranch. Kinda cool outside they had complimentary lemonade and  water.
The decor was kinda western themed and not to big of a restaurant. Nice big bar in the center of the room. The have some really cool signs all over the restaurant with funny sayings ( nice touch).
After being seated the manager Julie came over and greeted us and then the 5 star service began. We got drinks and asked her what she recommended. She gave us a list of 3. I went with the sloppy joe and fries. The drink service was tops with glasses never more than 60% empty without replacement or being asked if we wanted more.
The food came out presented very nicely on a western themed metal platter. The beef looked like ground steak they did in house as its a steakhouse. The meat was cooked perfectly and excellent mix of house seasonings and a jack daniels sauce I think. The tiny onions mixed in perfectly. The bun is hard to master but they did it. Usually the bread falls apart at many places.... No dice it held up extremely well. It was perfect.
They serve a bunch of fries, whatever they were uhhh fries.
So after treating me like the king, she brings out this outrageous mountain of cotton candy. We could barely dent this 8th wonder of the world, so she bagged it up to go. She bought the dessert... How sweet it is.
Overall great experience and I'll be back for sure. See Julie, it's like getting a new really cool friend. Thanks
LOVE this place - they are always busy, so if you're in a hurry call ahead and it should be ready by the time you get there.  Their Al Pastor burrito and Texas Burrito are insane! Also heard props about the California burrito.  Never had a bad meal yet - we go all the time!
This China City has been open for 3 1/2 months now, so I dropped in for lunch yesterday joined by Mike C. to see if it's still excellent, as it was at the beginning.

This time there were 137 food choices out, plus sauces, dressings, & gravies, & everything was still tip-top.  The dining area itself is smaller than average for a "Super Buffet", but the big food selection is right up there in the top group.

Today we found the staff to be very friendly & everything about the food & the atmosphere & the pricing just right for this type of place.

Some standouts for me today were the delicious Sushi, the excellent Mongolian style BBQ with Kong Pao Sauce, & the great Maple Walnut REAL ice cream, one of four!     :-))

Weekday Lunch Buffet $7.99/$7.19 Sr.
Love, love, love Nellos! This location is definitely different from the rest, the servers are wonderful, they are always uber busy BUT seem to always slide you right on into a table with a very minimal wait if any at all. 

It always looks worse than it is due to the take out counter I think. 

The margarita pizza is the best!

Try it out you will be glad you did!
If you are visiting form out of town, this is a must. If you live in Scottsdale, you have already been here. 

I have not had a bad item on the menu. The food is always top notch. Only issue has ever been the service. 

This can be attributed to high turnover and always being very busy, but the food always seems to bring us back.
very good
Hot damn, this place is a great desert oasis. It's out there for people in the city... like, wayyyy out there, but it's worth the drive. It's been hyped up on the Food Network and stuff, but all the talk is earned. The food here is supremely fresh (they pretty much grow everything steps away) and cooked in inventive ways (see: GRILLED pizzas. Yes, I did just say that.) that makes me actually eager to try just about everything on the menu. I like that Joe's has created a little complex of different concepts on their land. The Coffee Shop next door is about the coolest that Gilbert can get and the little farm stand with refrigerated veggies and herbs is oh so convenient. 

One more thing: the slaw on the ahi tuna sandwich is heaven. Purely a delight.
It really saddens me to give this place two stars. I really love this place and it's a nice cozy upscale joint with a scenester vibe. 

However I went with some friends not too long ago on a Wednesday and was really put off by the bartender. The place was pretty full and there was no one to help her but she barely acknowledged us and it was another ten minutes before we were served. And when we were, she couldn't have been less friendly when asking us for identification. Needless to say we left after the one drink.

I felt particularly foolish because I told my friends how awesome this place was and I had finally convinced them to check this place out with me. They are in the service industry and our experience there was everything industry people are trained to avoid. 

I will probably swing by once more but this experience really made me angry particularly because my friends had a bad experience based on my recommendation.
Awesome food.  Staff was equally as great!  Didn't catch the girls name that had helped me, she had red hair, but she helpful and very sweet.  Two thumbs up!  I'll be back and bringing friends.
Went there for a few different things.  They missed the oil change but told me i could come in after they had already closed. Completed everything at no additional charge. Thank you!!
Great staff, great environment, and great prices.  Love this place.  Get a squat rack and I'll add the fifth star!  lol
My aunt gave me her old guitar more than 30 years ago and I've finally decided that I should learn to play it. However, one of the first things I found out that I needed to do was get it set up properly. Luckily I stumbled upon Bronson Guitar Works. They took my old acoustic guitar, cleaned it up, fixed the action, replaced the strings, and made it feel like something brand new. Mark Bronson also appreciated the fact that I know nothing about guitars and took the time to explain everything he had done.

However, don't take my word for it. Consider the fact that when he's not touring with Bruce Springsteen you might see Nils Lofgren here. You also might find George Benson taking some licks on a guitar or just shooting the breeze. Other artists who trust Bronson Guitar Works include B.B. King, Bruce Springsteen, and Robin Wilson of the Gin Blossoms. Clearly these guys know their stuff and they love working on great instruments.

But they also put just as much work into the guitars of those of us who aren't rock stars, even those of us who are just beginning. And that's because most importantly, they love music and this is a great place for anyone who loves music.

Highly, highly recommended!
Came here for my friends' wedding and WOW, what a gorgeous place! Beautiful ballroom where the dinner and reception was held. Great service by the staff. The dinner was really good, although I was disappointed I couldn't eat the small dessert that came after the main course since it was a gelato thing made inside of an actual lemon peeling and I am allergic to citrus.

The wedding itself was held outside near the pool area and the ambience and surroundings were gorgeous! Very good choice my friends made in having their wedding held here!
You simply will not find a better beer list in Arizona.  These guys know and respect their beer better than nearly anywhere I've been.  But on nearly every visit (none in recent months, mind you), the service has been somewhat on the icy side.

The good news: unlike most of Scottsdale, you won't have to pay too much extra for the snobbery.  This place is definitely casual and low-key.

Another brilliant highlight: they preserved the old Bandersnatch recipes and often feature them (I think there's an even more formal connection, but not sure).  For old timers, you will definitely be pleased with this.

Get the service to the point of being in the service industry, and I'll bump it up two stars.  Until then, I'll check in rarely for the great beer and see how the attitude is shaping up.  Remember, we're not all as well-versed in beer snobbery as you.
This location really gives bagel places a bad name. 


I don't know why I continue to keep trying and going back to this establishment. Probably because it is right across the street from work.

No matter what I order a bagel with cream cheese or a egg and cheese on a bagel it just takes forever.

This morning I literally walked out when I was online. They had about 6 people waiting to order for over 10 minutes!

Secondly, I don't love their food that takes 6 hours to make. that is being handled by ex cons working there and people who do not care about their 

I am not going back. I mean it this time. For real I will be going to chompies which is a mile away and get better, faster, and product.
Scottsdale has come a long way in recent years. Once wrapped up in the drunken, college-town revelry at places such as Patty's First Avenue Lounge, it's denizens have taken -- at least at first blush -- a more sophisticated approach to a night on the town. Perhaps that is why the J Bar, or "The Bar at the Mondrian" as they call it for the time being, has been such a hit. But is it going to last?

Past trips to the J Bar have been enjoyable. The crowd was hip enough, ego seemed to be in check, service was acceptable and they served up a decent variety of beer, wine and liquor.  I've always believed that the reserved booth seating was a little pretentious and made the place seem like it was trying too hard to be some kind of hot Los Angeles nightclub. But that's me, I suppose.  Perhaps that's why Mondrian decided to bring in some changes when they bought the place in early 2006.

While structural alterations are in the offing (an expanded outdoor seating section, among other improvements), the first thing that seemed to go was the beer menu. It's no secret that I enjoy Sierra Nevada Pale Ale. It also is no mystery that I have a hard time coping at places where beer drinkers are akin to hillbillies and the beer menu includes little more than a half dozen selections that end in "light." Unlike at the J Bar, Sierra Nevada is not available, nor are any other consumable beers --- a serious disappointment.

Beyond the lack of beer, the place seems to be about the same. Our server on a recent night was pleasant enough and tolerated my absentmindedness. The prices seemed reasonable and the music was upbeat without being too heavy. Thus far, "The Bar at the Mondrian" appears to be traveling the same, hip path has the J Bar --- minus the beer.
They have good Burgers, kind of reminds me of Astro Burgers back home in Cali. I love the seasoned salt  fries.  =P
I've gone to 2 of their Valley locations and both are very clean, professional and easy to make appointments. The hair wash part of the appointment is nice and the products used are top notch. I wish there was a scalp massage but having someone wash your hair for 15 minutes still feels nice. Both appointments I have received lasted about 45 minutes. The blow out itself on my hair looked great leaving the salon but started to become limp shortly afterwards. For $35 and tip, this isn't a great plus. However, when I get curls (hair already washed before the appointment), these last for a couple days and that's $25. For the experience, it's great to get pampered and would be fun to do with girlfriends before a night out. I will be back but not something I can do often.
We hit this place after being at Dos Gringos the night before and it was not of the same caliber.  We were one of only a few people in the place, so it is hard to say if it is a cool hang out place.
Well, the food is absolutely incredible, but the 165$ pricetag for dinner for two was a LITTLE much. The wine we had was great and we both got the surf and turf... with filet mignon of course. I would definately go there again... when I save up some money... Not a place for teachers to go. :)
The atmosphere is sexy, the service was great and the food was really good. My husband and I have both been in the service industry at high end restaurants. Our bartender Chris gave great service, the food came out in good time and our over all experience was great. I agree with some other posts that a newly opened restaurant is going to make some mistakes, but this place has great potential for the long haul.
Added Additional Food Items -  8/1/13

Customer Service - Top Notch!!!  

I hang my head in shame to admit that according the visits on my receipt, I've been to this Paradise a total of 51 times.  LOL

Soups/Salads/Sandwiches:
 
Summer Corn Chowder -  Two Thumbs Up 
Broccoli Cheese - Thumbs Up
Fire Roasted Tomato - Thumbs Up
Garden Vegetable with Pesto - Thumbs Up
Mac & Cheese - Thumbs Up

Strawberry Poppyseed & Chicken - Thumbs up!  This is my first time ordering a "salad".  It was pretty good, but I think I'll ask them though to only use half a spoonful of dressing when I get a half salad again.  I would get it on the side, but I like how they toss the salad, distributing the dressing. 

Sierra Turkey - Very dry.  Checked and only had a small dab of the spread is on the sandwich.  Onion was too overpowering. 
Bacon Turkey Bravo - My go to sandwich.  Nuff Said
Tuna Sandwich - WAY too much mayo.  Not ordering again. 
Frontega Chicken - Thumbs Up
Paradise Club - Thumbs Up
Pasta Salad - Thumbs Up

Cookies:

Chocolate Chip - Two Thumbs Up
Oatmeal - Two Thumbs Up

I'll add more to this list as I try other menu items....
This is the worst JiB I have ever been to. The soda machine in dining room is broken, so you'd figure they would automatically fill your cup for you, but no, you still have to ask them to fill it. My mom found a hair in her chicken sandwich. Service as crappy and our food took forever. I will never set foot in this place again!
My eyebrows and hair have never looked better! I come here every two weeks and I'm welcomed with a glass of wine and the best stylists in Arizona!
After driving here from Chicago with all my clothes crammed in boxes and suitcases so that they'd fit a sedan, a lot of my suits, dresses, and other pieces needed to be taken to the dry cleaners. After looking on Yelp,  I decided to take my clothes here. they had great reviews, were cheap, and offering a Yelp deal for first time customers. 

I haven't taken my clothes anywhere else since I've moved here a year ago and I even dropped off expensive curtains that I had gotten from my grandma and they did a great job on those and it wasn't expensive to do. This place is about 20 minutes from where I live but it's definitely worth it and I haven't had a bad experience yet.
I have been visiting this restaurant for many years and have been present for the changing of the menu almost 4 times! I remember the food being better, so I have been upset with some of the changes, however, I will still make this a once a week stop.  The chips and salsa are AWARD WINNING and for GOOD REASON.  Ask for the flour chips only.  They are the reason to visit this restaurant.  Their chicken quesadilla is amazing and their food is decent, but definitely go for the chips & salsa.  You'll pay a bit much for the food, but it is definitely worth it.  Just remember to come for dinner early if you are visiting on a Wednesday or a Friday or there's only street parking available.  The bar gets to be pretty packed on these nights.
Seriously? People in AZ must be hard up for good ice cream. Just because they put unique combinations together doesn't mean that it's good ice cream. Maybe I'm biased because I'm from San Francisco and have been spoiled with Bi-Rite ice cream.

 I do know good ice cream when I eat it and sweet republic is all hype. 

The salted caramel started out good but then just tasted like flavored whipped cream. It left a rotten milk after taste in my mouth that made me keep saying ew. I tried the honey blue cheese. Very strong flavor but nothing special. 

I get what they were trying to do and it's a good thing they're in Arizona because in California they wouldn't be as successful. 

Not to mention the staff was rude. We were the only ones in there on a hot Saturday afternoon (which should tell you something), and there were three people behind the counter but it still took a few minutes before we were acknowledged. Then the lady was simply cold and annoyed. 

Ok point taken we won't be back. Not a loss. Well at least not for us.
Cute lil burger joint! Great burgers and cheese fries, staff was awesome nonetheless, I will be returning!
I really, really wanted to like this place when I went, but it just didn't happen. I went on a nice peaceful Sunday morning to meet some friends and discuss an upcoming project we are working on. I parked my car and walked up to JoBot only to hear club  music blasting from a D.J. in the front sitting area. All I could think was, please let my friends be inside because I cannot listen to club music first thing in the A.M. I could only think how much worse it would be if I was hungover. Thank goodness my friends were inside. 

When I walked inside, I really liked the old house feel, but the place could have seriously used a good scrubbing.  It felt grimy and dingy rather than fresh and vintage.  I am a tea drinker, so I was a bit disappointed with their tea selection. It was nothing to write home about.  My friends were in the back room and as I walked over to them there was a spot in the floor I almost fell through - I'm not kidding. And I am not a heavy girl either - 115 lbs. The floor boards were stripped away and there was a thin layer of old wood between me and the crawl space. I about pissed myself when I stepped on it and felt the wood bend and start to give. Needless to say it was not the relaxing leisurely Sunday morning I had in mind.
Me and my wife were in Phoenix for a couple of days, and wanted to have steak. Having heard about outback and their consistent steaks, we decided to give it a try. We started with their specials - crab stuffed mushrooms which were dripping with butter but were delicious. They came out within a few mins of ordering. 

For main course my wife had the fillet steak and I ordered the ribeye classic style. Our salads came out pretty fast and even before we had finished the steaks were on our table. A bit too hurried for my liking. The steaks were cooked pretty well, especially the fillet. The ribeye was medium rare instead of the medium well, and you could see that it wasn't a very high quality cut. Overall it was a decent steak dinner for the price.
If you are looking for relief from back pain, headaches or whatever it may be look no further! He has helped me tons. Dr. Bruce is the best & is very practical in his approach. All done without drugs & completely natural. Highly recommend you see him!
I received an infection during my c/s (due to improper sterile technique) and the absolute worst medical care as I was hospitalized due to this for nearly a week without the ability to have my newborn baby at bedside! Dr. Sawyer was in town but completely abandoned me, I was told just to to the ER and treated by the office staff as if I was an annoyance. Also, medical pouch Dr. Sawyer placed during my c/s that was supposed to deliver pain medication to my c/s site never worked and I had to have a pump placed  to drain the infected fluid that accumulated around it. I was also charged for multiple services that were unnecessary during my prenatal period. I became aware of the extra fees ( I had pre-paid for this OB care) after I returned from the extra week in the hospital when his office and ultimately his wife called me about the massive EXTRA bill. keep in mind that insurance companies lower the amount they get paid for delivery. Never pay upfront for service like this, if things go wrong they can leave you high and dry. I had the worst experience with this MD. Do yourself a favor and shop around!
Ranch House Grille has quickly become my favorite breakfast spot.  Everything is from scratch and tastes homemade.  I love that the menu has a good variety.  You can get serious and order country fried steak with biscuits and gravy or something on the lighter side like yogurt, fruit and granola.  I think the pricing is fair.  You definitely won't leave hungry.  LocalDines.com generally offers a $10 for $20 deal.  I highly recommend Ranch House Grille!
I will occasionally grab lunch here; which I did today. Their 4.99 lunch specials are great. There are over 20 items to choose from and it comes with rice (white, fried or brown) and a choice of either an eggroll, fountain drink or soup (egg drop, wonton or hot & sour). 

My favorite is the General Tso's chicken, but I'll only order that if I have time to dine in. Otherwise, by the time you get to your destination the chicken is not crispy anymore. Especially since they put it in those plastic bowls that seals it shut.

Today, I had the beef lo mein. There was a good amount of beef it in and the dish wasn't too salty as most places would serve. One thing I found odd was that it also came with a side of rice beneath. I mean the menu stated that all lunch specials include rice but usually when you order a noodle dish at an asian joint, that does not apply. No worries, I ate all the noodles off the top and tossed the rice. The noodles alone was plenty.
My husband and I decided to stop here yesterday for an early dinner and arrived around 5 PM. The place was pretty empty, so when the hostess asked us if we wanted a booth or table, I responded with: "doesn't matter really, just a good spot."Well the spot she chose was a booth right next to their big smoker that was as hot as a furnace and radiating that heat big time! Coming in from 113 degrees, I knew we were never going to be able to sit there, so when the waiter came to the table I asked (very politely) if we could be moved. He said he would 'have to check with the front desk' and drifted away. Finally he came back and said we would have to move to a table and we said that's great! And of course he moved us right next to a table with a screaming baby. Payback I guess for asking....
Anyway, on to the food...
I have to say that I was a little taken aback by the lack of any 'early bird specials' on food or beverages. In this economy even Flemings is doing a great happy hour! We ordered ribs (I had the baby back and my husband had the St. Louis) The waiter said we had 2 sides and I asked for a salad. He said that was not one of the choices, and it would be $1.75 more. OK. So I finally decided on the garlic mashed potatoes and the beans. 
The biscuits they brought to start the meal were really good with the honey cinnamon butter. But only 2? Come on, be a little more generous. The salads arrived and they were pretty much the stock salad, nothing fabulous. Then the plates came, and I have to say the BBQ ribs were just OK. Nothing great, and kinda dry. And the sides were fine, but nothing to write home about. 
I don't think I would have been so disappointed if it weren't for the fact that the meal (along with 2 large beers and NO dessert) was $80 before tip! Come on, that is ridiculous. We can eat at Joes or Daves for half that. 
So....will I return? No, probably not. If I am going to spend $100 for dinner, I can go to the Keg just down the way a little and get a much better meal.
Just because you say fusion doesn't mean you have good food, in fact Chino Bandido took cheap Mexican food and cheap Chinese food and serves it in the same establishment. It is a complete dive, which is the only reason that I can image Guy Fieri would like it. It isn't even worth going once for the experience, and if you must bring the Pepto Bismol with you, you will be sick afterwards. The service is excellent, top notch for a place where you order at the counter (and they use white mean chicken, which is a plus for me), but the food is so terrible, that I can't give it more than 1 star.
Place is really good and the venue is great with high top table and booths. Pool available and tons of TVs to watch the game. Def top sports bar in the area. Burgers and service was amazing. I'd get the sweet potatoes tots and the peanut butter desert was really good. Will be back with a ton of friends!
Great place for kids. We make the trip up to check it out about once a month and spend a couple hours. And to Ian B, are you kidding? Two stars because there is dead shit on the walls? Its a hunting and fishing store. Maybe you should dump your tree hugging girlfriend and get one that lives in the real world?
FOOD: This place has great food with a wide variety of entrees for any taste. Great chicken strips, fish and chips, French dip sandwich, and burgers are all fantastic. You WILL be full after eating a main course here, so don't bother getting the pricey appetizers. And now for the piece de resistance: the beer! This place is pretty close to turning me into an alcoholic. The beer is top-notch, being brewed literally in the back of the restaurant where you can see. Some of the best beer I've ever had is at four peaks. No crappy beers here at all. The beer tastes available here are vast (even though there are only about 10 choices), so find a beer that suites your tastes. For example, lots of people don't like the Hop Knot because it's too hoppy, but I think it's wonderful. 

PRICE: My bill at Four Peaks piles up pretty quick if I'm not careful. Main courses are around $8-10, beers are $3.75 ($3 at happy hour). Beer prices are great relative to other bars, but for a college student on a limited budget, Four Peaks prices can be a little high especially if you frequent the place. 

SERVICE: Has its ups and downs. For the vast majority of the time, waiters and bartenders are nice and helpful, and you get your food in about 15 min, so get a beer to pass the time. When in groups, I recommend paying with cash to makes things easier. Don't give some cash and some cards, it has confused them a couple times. 

SKINNY: I love this place!!! Lively, warm atmosphere, great food and beer. I don't understand why more college students don't flood this place, it's right next to ASU. I go to Four Peaks several times a month to hang out with friends over a beer or two. Truly one of Tempe's gems.
Sugar Daddy's is one of those situations where you have a recipe for awesome that is completely squandered. This place just oozes atmosphere and cool. Unfortunately, it's just not cool. I don't know if it's the patrons or the staff, but there's something about this place that just sucks. Could it be the name? Is it just too 1990s? 

It does feel a bit off somehow, yet you can't help but wander around the various rooms and notice some of the great things this joint has going for it. So why does it suck then?

They've recently moved the pool tables outside and have gotten rid of the wooden bench style outdoor seating in favor of granite countertops they probably salvaged from a Paradise Valley remodel (well, most likely not salvaged - but that's too bad since the ugly-ass granite tables look like shit yet likely cost a pretty penny). I miss the old set-up - while it wasn't quite working, it was better than this. They also aren't using the awesome back parlor anymore apparently... 

For a Friday night, the place was practically empty. I don't think it's the location - sure, it's not walking distance from the rest of the downtown scene, but it's near enough. I've never been impressed with the service here at all either - they're often assholes unless you're getting food and sitting down - then they're just fine. The food is greasy and disgusting to be honest, but I've had worse. They do have a few items that are pretty tasty (but still greasy). 

It could be an awesome venue for music, but they have the oddest acts ever. They just haven't found a good niche I guess. Oddly enough, it's a good place to go for a quiet night. That's probably not a good thing for a place with so much real estate - this place should be buzzing at all times. People are content to slum it up at Loco Patron where the atmosphere screams Taco Bell and the crowd screams $300 Jean Cockers I guess.

If any place needs to be reinvented, this is it - both in name and in style. They wouldn't have to change too much. There's always at least a handful of people here and you could always use this place to meet someone on a blind date or whatever... aside from that though, this place serves no real purpose other than just being there. If you drive by and the patio looks full, check it out sometime... you won't have a bad time here, I just can't promise it'll be good.
We are season ticket holders @ jobbing.com and we watch nearly every coyotes game there. Decent arena seats, typical 10.00 bombers, and food is pretty much on par for stadium food. (nachos, hot dogs, that type of fare) However, there is a buffet for Toyota seats, and this year (where we sit) the Gila River Casino 'lounge' which isn't bad, 32.00 per person and quite a bit more variety. I have been to several concerts here as well, and the acoustics out do the US Airways center, bar none. 
People who complain that it takes a long time to enter the stadium don't realize there are 8 gates! The Westgate complex adds to the experience as well with decent options pre or post game / concert. Of course, the major issue is that it is a drive for most people, but everything is in the valley.
My brother and I decided to go try Greek Gyro Express for lunch today. Went in and they were a little busy. We walked to the counter, they do not have a menu posted on the wall, just pics only a few selections. I found the to go menu on the counter, so pick it up found a few more selections. As we were deciding the order, the owner (I think) came out with a few samples of the gyro meat and told us to try. WOW, it is was good... Very good! 

I ordered the chicken pita meal (chicken gyro with onions, tomatoes, and Tzatziki; included Greek fries and a drink). My brother ordered the combo two meat plate (gyro, chicken, salad, tomatoes, onion and a drink). As we sat, the owner came out and told us to try the complementary soup (lemon, chicken and rice). I got two small bowls so we could try it. You know what? It was pretty good. I likie! 

The good came out looking just like the pictures on the wall. My chicken pita was very tasty and the Greek fries (fries with feta cheese) good. Everything was very good. My brothers plate looked good too. He inhaled it, so I am assuming he liked it. =) 

Next time, I think I might try the gyro pita.
I am a regular at this spot. Past two visits the food quality was poor. Yesterday their relish was stale. The quality and service has dropped significantly in past 6 months or so.
Had our first visit to cibo last night. It is in a charming house in down town phoenix. Fabulous atmosphere! Warm, inviting, very unrestaurant like. Our waiter made some excellent wine reccomendations. We started with the Burrata. This was amazing....so simple yet so delicious. Two giant scoops of this mild, creamy cheese drizzled with balsamic, served with toasted bread and proscutto. Creamy, crunchy, salty....so perfect. We ordered two pizzas and a calzone. The names of the pizzas escape me, but one had sausage and potato, the other red sauce and walnuts and the calzone was filles with meats. Everything was simply divine. I love food that is simple, made with quality stuff. That is exactly wht we got. The crust is thin, chewy and has the char spots expected with woodfired pizza. I can not wait to come back to try something else!
I really like this place. I found it while bored one Sunday with my Mom. We never knew this place existed before! 

It isn't the most striking place I've ever been to, but they do have some unsual critters there. Tons of tanks and a lot of custom-made options, huge freezer food selection and there is a whole room dedicated just to live rock. They even have a baby shark there!

If it was my store, the place could use a lot of work appearance wise, but the great customer service makes up where they are lacking.
The wonderful weekend we had is completely overshadowed by the difficulty we are having in getting a corrected bill. We were double charged a deposit and then charged for breakfast that was supposed to have been included in the weekend.. After numerous phone calls with not one contact from anyone there a receptionist finally gave me the name of someone in accounting.. we are still waiting for the final adjustment which we were promised on 12/13 by the director of finance.. 2 more calls made last week.. not a peep out of anyone.. 

It makes it difficult to sing your praises.. Everyone make sure you check your final folios to your credit cards and good luck.
Scale of 1-10 (single visit):
7 Food
9 Service
7 Atmosphere
7 Value
really enjoyed my first visit to Beckett's Table. You can tell the owners are professional restaurateurs, the presentation is impeccable and precise from start to finish. All the little touches are definitely noticed.

The only criticism I have is that I really did not care for the lemonade. It is sweetened with honey and at least the drinks we had were WAY heavy on the honey, it was more like honeyade.

The mac and cheese with pancetta is a MUST. Pancetta is NOT bacon, it's much better! In fact quite a few dishes use the pancetta, for which I am grateful. Looking forward to a return visit!
Kurt is right on with his review. She does a great job! I totally recommend Daly Flower Affair.
Cowboys, bikers, tourists and locals come here for some of the very best burgers in town.  No foo-foo caramelized onion, cibiata bread, foot cheese burgers, but in your face 1/2 lb'ers cooked the way you like 'em, served up with chips and the fixin's in a paper basket.  Cheap beer's after a long ride (horse or cycle) really hit the spot.  This is one of those places that you have to experience.  I always suggest this to out-of-towners, so they get a taste of what Az used to be like.  Outdoor dining at it's best.  Don't dress up, jeans are just fine.  Evening's include cowboy bands and firepits.
I am a yoga newbie. I was referred to Desert Song by family and friends, who all raved about the instruction and facility. I have only taken Mary Beth's "all levels" yoga class 2 times, but I will keep going back again! You can tell that the people who take these classes are very passionate about the practice. I think the last time I attended her class there were 6-7 yoga instructors TAKING her class! That should say something!
I am thrilled to have found a class that is challenging for all levels. I have found that I can only do beginning poses, but have tried to do some of the more advanced variations. The "all levels" class will probably keep me challenged for a long time. Then, when I feel like I have mastered the basics in the more advanced poses, I'll try my luck at some of the "advanced" classes.
So we've been hearing all sorts of buzz about Culver's.. the famous butter burger and frozen custard place from Wisconsin. So we piled in the car and headed out to Mesa. When we got there the place was packed.. we stood in line for 10 minutes before it was our turn. The service is very friendly and super helpful. We even ordered the flavor of the day, caramel cashew swirls and were told we could pick that up later so it didn't melt while we ate our dinner.. that was very cool!

Anyway, you place your order and they give you a number so they can bring it out to you when its ready.. another nice touch. Well after we got our food, butter burgers, fries and cheese curds we felt well, kind of let down. The burgers here are alright, kinda greasy and lacked a good beef flavor. The cheese curds were also deep fried (as most on the menu) and were good but not as good as I was hoping. 

The crowd there.. it was like I was in Iowa or something.. definite Walmart crowd.. I sat there and watched this kid pick his nose and then proceed to fill his soda cup from the soft drink fountain.. uhm, yeah.. I just looked at my cup and thought about all the other people who touched that button.. suddenly didn't feel very good. 

We got our frozen custards.. eh, very very smooth and creamy but to me just tasted like ordinary soft serve ice cream. Cashews were salty and nicely roasted, a good contrast to the smooth custard but lack depth and interest in the overall taste of the frozen custard.

I probably wouldn't ever go back here.. though the service is great and is priced well, I just don't think the food was worth the drive back out to Mesa.
I am rating this in comparison to Zoyo, Mojo,and Yogurtology.   They were out of 3 different flavors - leaving mostly just the "fruity" ones. They said they are having issues with their supplier.  They also have about 1/2 of the toppings that the above 3 have and its the same price..So unless you work downtown and this is within walking distance, head over to Zoyo on 7th.
Hot Sandwiches are awesome.....cold sandwiches just average. I highly recommend the Chicken Cheese Steak......peppers....onions....chipotle mayo....mmmmmmmmmm....real good. The Service could be better....but all in all not a total loss. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
Hey buttah buttah!  Hey buttah buttah!

3 & 3/10th stars.

This food reminds me of my childhood.  That's right, I have been eating healthy since a very young age.  Especially things like chili cheese fries.  My daughter pointed out that they know the 3 secrets of French cooking...butter, butter and butter.

The burgers are pretty decent for a fast food burger.  Fries were ok, tasty soft serve but the portion varies wildly based on my two visits.  8 meals for 4 bucks is probably a good idea these days as well.
I've eaten at this place many times and I've always enjoyed the food and the service. We usually have delivery from this place and it has always been fresh, hot and has came to our house in a timely manner. I don't think I've ever experienced a problem with is location.
I love bargain shopping so I have a tendency to visit Frys and Albertsons instead, but I love the cleaniness of this Safeway and their selection of products and wine. Although their regular prices can be a little high, they do have the best weekend deals and coupons in their Wednesday circular. If you plan ahead, Safeway is definitely the way to go. I now like waking up early on the weekends and collecting my deals. It's always fun to see your percentage of savings. My goal is to one day make it about 50 percent!
I have been to other Urgent Cares, and no experience was quite like the one I experienced on Thursday.
After getting home from a job interview, I promptly slipped on a stair and broke my foot. The bone was sticking out, not through the skin, but definitely poking out. Immediate thought - I should go to the hospital, but my copay is way too expensive for my student budget, so my roommate drove me over to Advanced Urgent Care.
The wait wasn't long, but I wasn't happy when the woman at the desk saw me limping in, and had me stand there and fill out paperwork for ten minutes. A nurse in a wheelchair came out and wheeled me in to get it over with.
After sitting for awhile and answering the usual questions, I was wheeled in to a room to wait for an X-Ray. I took out my phone to call mum to let her know where I was, and the woman at the desk immediately began snapping at me that there were no cell phones allowed in the room. Okay then.
Then, nurses began flocking in to gawk at my foot. I'm not a freaking animal in a zoo, do not come in and stare in awe at the size my foot has swollen to and make me feel more like an imbecile for breaking it. 
After being stared at, I was wheeled in for Xrays and then taken to a room to wait for the doctor.
She came in pretty quickly and immediately began poking my foot with the "Does this hurt?!" questions. Of course it hurts! Stop yanking on it repeatedly. After looking at Xrays and my foot, she informed she was unconfident in saying my foot was broken.
Day later, a call back from the radiologist who wants to know if it's my hand or my foot, whether it's my left or my right, just left me feeling shocked and slightly concerned that they were unable to tell that in an Xray...
Going to the doctor the next day when she's open, it's broken in two places, which she pointed out clearly on the Xray I had picked up from Urgent Care.
What. A. Joke. I would never come here again for a broken bone, but probably something they can't misdiagnose and send me home to suffer with.
Sonny Boy Sonny Boy Sonny Boy Sonny Boy.  The sauce. The mozz.  The crust.  The whole package is simply delicious.
WOB is fabulous. Bartender are great, especially Anthony, Kenny, and Brittany. Best beer in Tempe. Quick serve. Now serves good which is awesome... Just like Anthony. Too many beers to choose from but the bartenders help you out. I will be here next Sunday! Every NFL game you could possibly want.
My bf and I headed here last Friday night after we decided some normal, comfort food was in order after scoping out a few other trendy places downtown on Yelp.

While I typically don't like restaurants located in a strip mall, this location didn't seem to 'mallish' and there was ample parking. We arrived around 8:30pm and the place seemed pretty busy with an older crowd. I think we were probably the youngest people in there. Old people know where good food is :) The patio seating might get a bit old with people walking in-between tables so we opted for something inside.

The atmosphere was dark but yet inviting. We were greeted by a smiling hostest and seated as soon as we walked in. Our waitress came around quickly and gave us water and we had just the right amount of time to decide we would try the Crispy Eggplant bites for an appetizer and Baby Back ribs for me with a twice baked potato rather than fries and my bf's Grilled Pork Tenderloin. 

Having never had fried eggplant I envisioned almost chip like wedges of eggplant but these were more like patties. And OMG were they good! There were only 3 and we definitely fought over the last one and savored every bite!

I'm not usually a girl who orders ribs but these were definitely good. The sauce was unique, a little smokey but not too much but they had really good flavor. The coleslaw was really good, reminded me of KFC with a small punch of ginger and the twice baked potato put a smile on my face. Totally not on the diet but I didn't care. My bf was really happy with his pork tenderloin and the small piece I had was really good. He continued to comment throughout the meal how good it was so I know he liked it a lot.

To further ruin my diet, we ordered the warm chocolate torte. It was good but one of those really strong, flour-less bunt cakes and they usually aren't my favorite.

Overall, between the atmosphere, food and service, this is definitely a place we will come back to!
So, I returned and tried a lengua(beef tongue) mini taco. Once again, delicious, with melt-in-your-mouth tender cubes of meat, and the lovely contrast of raw onions and cabbage.

their tortilla chips? not that great...they were too hard, too greasy, although they did have a good amount of salt. I had them with their salsa...very spicy and smoky, but it was more of a bean salsa(not chunky, but a powerful flavor of beans...not my thing).
I have never stayed here, but i have dined here for a party and visited Jade Bar for some drinks. My opinions:
1) The views are amazing at sunset! You can see the city at night and it is a beautiful view of Scottsdale
2) The food catered to our party was delicious! Especially the white chocolate truffles at the end of dinner, better than what Godiva makes.
3) If you get a drink at Jade Bar you must try the Strawberry Lavender Royale and the Beet Yuzu Gimlet ( their signature drink.)
Three times is not a charm, between dinner and lunches... it's ok and I'll keep chugging over here if someone is asking to go... but nothing memorable... I've been across the menu from duck to seafood to noodle dishes and curry.  

If you like hot and spicy, they will go the mile and this place will be for you!
Each time I visit Scottsdale Quarter, I discover a new treat to hit the streets. While preparing for an event today, I found myself in need of a caffeine boost and hoped for a coffee shop in the Scottsdale Quarter. Wish and your dreams come true...or apparently that's the case in this situation! Enter Press Coffee. 

Situated off one of the alleys in the Scottsdale Quarter, this is a must-try for the caffeine crazed folks like me. The coffee shop isn't huge, but it's big enough to comfortably seat a couple high top tables, as well some other seating in addition to the outdoor tables surrounding the front. I walked in to be welcomed by two visitors enjoying a game of chess, a woman working on her computer and guests with their dogs out front. It looked like a comfortable setting to do some work or relax. 

The staff greeted me and I decided to go for an iced coffee with a splash of chocolate, sugar free vanilla and non-fat milk. I got a 16 oz (yes it was one of those days) and was pleasantly surprised at the $2 price tag. This is not what I expected at a coffee shop within the Scottsdale Quarter. 

The coffee was delicious! Now, normally, iced coffees pretty much all taste the same. However, the actual coffee in this iced coffee tasted different...in a good way! The iced coffee went down smoothly and almost tasted like a dessert treat. It gave me the energized kick I needed. 

If parking wasn't such a problem at Scottsdale Quarter, I would plan on visiting often, but I'll have to opt for only times when I have the time to find a parking spot and make it a leisurely trip.
This place is okay.  I enjoyed my meal, which was a surf and turf...filet mignon and lobster tail.  The steak was a bit over-cooked, but the lobster tail was awesome!  We ordered the seafood tower as an appetizer...which was good, but I have definetely had better seafood towers.  The selection on the tower was okay, but I wish they had more raw fish on there.  It had a lot of oysters, which pretty much went uneaten at our table.  The service was good and attentive, which was a plus for this palce.  Overall, I had a good experience here.
My wife works close to down town and this is her favorite coffee shop, I can see why. Excellent drinks, friendly service, and a welcoming, comfortable hip atmosphere. The pour over coffee is great, the macchiatos are the best I had--I've been spoiled by the side of sparkling water that comes with the drink. Their iced drinks are excellent as well--they have a technique of making the iced drinks that makes the beverage ice cold and not watered down. Great flavor all around, consistently good product and consistently good service.
I love wine and trying a bunch of different wines. I have seen Kokopelli wines in Sedona and wanted to try them so I was highly enthused to see they were within a couple miles of my house!

So I'm going to be honest... since shaving my head, I test people's ability to not judge a book by its cover, especially when I'm a customer.  I watch carefully how I am treated to see if there is any change that's different from what I was normally get with my longer hair.

This place was NO ISSUE at all.  I could have walked in with purple skin for all they cared.  That was a plus right up front.

We were seated promptly on a Thursday night to some really nice live music.  He was enjoyable, talking with the other patrons and with us.  His music was excellent to listen to while eating also, not too loud or anything.

Waitress was fine... she was attentive, no issues with her.

We ordered the crab and artichoke appetizer and it clearly wasn't what I expected.  It actually had a texture and taste of an excellent chunky soup that I could have had, rather than a dip.  It was slightly bland but good, just totally against what I expected that it kinda threw me off. 

I was hoping my food wouldn't turn out like that.

I had the pasta Danielle which was very good, although again slightly bland.  Had the spice it needed, but didn't have taste behind it.

The key here... add salt.  I hate adding salt as typically most dishes have enough to begin with, but these clearly didn't.  As soon as I added salt, it was great.

The wines are awesome... love the Sweet Lucy, which is a sweet red.  I also had the Merlot which is awesome also.  I'm not one for Chianti's, but my partner had a Chianti and it was better than some german chianti's I've tried.

The decor of wine barrels on the wall is nice and comfortable, a bar in the center of everything with a tv which appeared to have a good selection of alcohol.

There was a good number of people in there for a Thursday night, which surprised me.  Most of the patrons were of senior age, which may explain the food.

I will go back though to try some more.
I came here tonight with a Groupon with two of my friends.  The Groupon described this place as an upscale Mexican restaurant.  We sat down to an assorted chips variety of banana chips, blue corn tortilla, and regular tortilla chips.  There were 4 different salsas to go with it.  I was impressed with the banana chips thrown into the basket.

We ordered chicken enchiladas, vegetarian cheese enchiladas, and grilled fish tacos with rice and beans.  The enchiladas were quite a big portion, but they had unique flavors that I could not figure out.  My dish was the fish taco and it was the best fish taco I have ever had!  It was lightly seasoned with chipotle sauce and lime vinagrette.  It was the perfect size for 1 person.  I think some of their other portions like the enchiladas can be shared, or you will have take home food.

The ambiance was very modern and lively.  The service was great.  My only negative that may give this a 4-star instead of 5-star is that the menu is somewhat limited.  I am not a big fan of pork, and many of the dishes I would have ordered would have had something like scallops and pork belly.  I think their chefs are quite talented and should look into a few more dishes.
You've got to hand it to Candace Nelson; she knows how to bake up palpable buzz.  You need look no further than the perpetual line at Sprinkles Cupcakes in Scottsdale.  If only the cupcakes were as good as the hype.  Unfortunately, they are not.

It comes down to style over substance.  Sprinkles Cupcakes has a great look from the windows frosted with the outlines of cupcake wrappers to the spare wood display racks.  The aesthetic is clean, modern and restrained.   The cupcakes are impeccable in terms of their appearance.  The bakery even offers an interlocking cardboard stand with optional ribbon trim to create a display for a special event.  The graphics and design are top-notch.  

While we may eat with our eyes first, the disappointment creeps in once you move beyond the visual and taste the cupcakes.  At best, they're okay.  In order to give Sprinkles a fair shake, I pre-ordered a dozen online.  Anyone can order a minimum of a dozen cupcakes online with 24 hours advance notice.  The real advantage of the pre-order is that you get to skip the mayhem of the line.  It's worth it to walk right up to the counter and pick up your prepaid order without having to stand in the chaotic line and watch the crowd's tension level rise as they run out of flavor after flavor.  

As a home baker who makes everything from scratch, I found Sprinkles Cupcakes to be resoundingly underwhelming.  Their signature Red Velvet Cake was a real disappointment.  The cake itself was bitter and sour at the same time.  It also had an unpleasant lingering aftertaste.  Actually, all of the cupcakes I tried with chocolate cake had the same bitter and sour taste combined with the lingering unpleasant aftertaste.  It was almost like the chocolate cakes weren't mixed properly before they were baked.  If it has been one or two cupcakes, I would have given them the benefit of the doubt; however, this place takes the concept of bittersweet chocolate to a new and very strange level.  The Carrot cupcake is also misnamed; it should be called a Spice cupcake instead because the presence of any carrot is nearly undetectable.  In fairness, the Coconut cupcake was the best of the 12 sampled.  The taste of both the cake and the icing was great; the cake itself was a bit stiff and dry (but less than the others sampled).  

In terms of texture, the 12 cupcakes sampled varied from "sturdy" (e.g., nothing close to tender) to dry and crumbling apart.  This is definitely not what I expect from a premium bakery.  Some other reviewers have commented that the cupcakes are too expensive.  Clearly they haven't been to a grocery store lately to check on the price of butter, eggs, sugar, cream, cream cheese, etc.  The cupcakes are fairly priced for the premium ingredients that Sprinkles uses.  However, those ingredients are not falling into the most adept hands.  Perhaps this is an issue with a newly trained staff.  

For the money and the pleasure of the experience, enjoy an Ooey Gooey from Tammie Coe instead of Sprinkles.  Tammie's cupcakes are the real deal and are everything that Sprinkles aspires to be.  Just be sure to allow Tammie's cupcakes to return to room temperature before you devour them.  They're sublime while the cupcakes at Sprinkles are serviceable at best.

Sprinkles Cupcakes was worth trying once to see what all the hype was about.  However, I won't be back.
The food here was shockingly awesome given its appearance!  

We went here randomly because another restaurant was closed.  It does not look like much.  Sketchy parking lot - complete with a pile of vomit by the ramp!  The inside is cramped.  We ate in a room that looked like it had been something else originally, with way too many tables crammed in.

I ordered a pina colada, and stupidly chose the large size.  Large is a ridiculous understatement!  This thing was the size of a fish bowl or something.  Not one of those stupid beta fish bowls either.  The large drinks mean business!!  It was pretty good too.

Everything we ate was really, really good.  I had the burrito and my friend had a taco salad.  Everything was great, including the salsa, but the taco shell was AMAZING.  So perfectly cooked and tasty.  It's weird to get this excited over a taco shell, but it's totally warranted.  So good!!  I would definitely go out of my way to get something with this amazing shell in the future.
Ordered Pad Thai (N1) for the very first visit. I like it very much. It is not oily and the taste is good. 

For the second visit, I ordered Lad Naa (N2) with American hot. The spiciness is just nice. The dish was served with gravy and the rice noodles were very hot. 

For the 3rd time, I ordered Pad See Eaw (N3) for take out, with American hot as well. However, it is totally not spicy at all. I think they forgot about it. It was very oily and I needed to scoop out the oil. The taste is nice though. 

Overall, the food was nice. I think I will go there again since it is so near to me.
This is a place for families! They accommodate large groups easily and have a great family oriented atmosphere.  Their servers are always on top of their game and very friendly.
5 stars for the free WiFi. None of this useless T-mobile please nickel and dime us uselessness. I was in Terminal 4, I believe, in on an America West flight from San Francisco to Austin.
Quality food and good service!

My favorite is Sauce's sausage and pepperoni pizza, with red peppers, onions and mushroom.  Definitely a gourmet pizza with quality ingredients.  Although it's a small 12 inch thin crust pizza, it is satisfying and has a freshness unlike the typical heavy pizza you find at other chains.

The vegetable chopped salad is served in a generous-sized bowl.  I like the light dressing and crisp bite size veggies.

You order at the counter and your meal is brought to your table.  The servers are attentive and check to see if you need anything. This service always earns them a tip by my appreciative lunch buddy.

I look forward to a future lunch at Sauce!
These guys are great! The store Manager Ty Craig is truly an asset that Discount tire could never afford the lose! They will bend over backward to take care of you here, and do more. Great location and the wait is never that long. Talk about a "well oiled" machine!!
Highly Overrated!!  If you are asking if it's the best Chinese in the immediate surrounding area...then yes, it's the best Chinese food. Sure, it's better than Wangs, and the place over in the Kyrene and Ray strip mall but it's not better than Gold Chef. 

For one thing, the spring rolls are reheated frozen spring rolls; it's obvious! Pretty bush league if you ask me...especially for a restaurant that people are giving 5 stars to; they were mushy and cold as if they were reheated. There are no egg rolls on the menu and while some of you may respond by saying it's not a Cantonese restaurant...my response to that is...they offer other Cantonese items so why didn't you offer egg rolls too. I know a frozen spring roll like the back of my hand. The food also lacks seasoning. The flavors are good but it could be better. For a Szechwan restaurant, the food was lacking in heat and flavor. While it's good, it's also underseasoned. The fried rice is lacking flavor. When my wife had to apply Sriracha to her Szechwan style Chinese food...that's a bad sign!

But I will say this dishes are prepared well. You don't see any of the pale watery chicken dishes that you observe at most other "good Chinese restaurants" that you witness in the Valley. If you live in the immediate area, you will not be disappointed getting carry out but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here.
I am going to give Aunty Chiladas 3 stars only because I have gone there since I was like 10.  This place has been a staple in the valley before the 51 went by etc etc.  It definitely looks like it has been there for a while and needs a good  asthetic cleaning.  Our table and chairs were sticky and it was pretty dirty outside on the patio.  There were chairs and miscellaneous items on the outside of the restaurant and it needs some TLC.

Chips (flour) are good but salsa has black olives (yuk, personal preference) and the hot stuff tasted like it had vinegar in it.  It has a great patio for daytime drinking.  Overall the food is above average.

I ordered the fish tacos and they were good.  My accomplice ordered a combo with your typical rice, beans, enchilada, taco etc.  The food was hot and good.  It didn't have a wow factor but the price was good and worth the money.

Holy smokes.......The service was awful.  I am not going to mention any names but it was slow in terms of business and even slower in terms of service.  I hope that they do not correlate but they usually do.  C'mon Aunty you are better than this!!!!!!  

If you live in the neighborhood then it is worth going here.  I probably will not make the drive again.  Good luck Aunt Chiladas.
Retro-Fabulous. This was my second stay at the Valley Ho in the past year. I'm very satisfied with the large rooms, nice patios, good menu and lovely spa products (Iclandic Moon Flower!). 

I also thought the service was great. I love that they've managed to transform the ultra dated architecture into a hip place with throw-back charm.
This place is awesome! and would place it as one of the places I would visit if I was in the area. The steak burgers are a little thin, but pack big flavor. The fries are nice as well. 

The custard is outstanding and is a must after dinner meal.

Service wise, the staff is extremely friendly and compariable to chik filets...

If your in the area I would definitely make give this place a try.
Great selection of meats, vegtables, sauces and seasonings.  Fun for the whole family!
We went for the exotic menu - buffalo, elk and ostrich offerings. We have been trying to stick with a moderately paleo diet and thought that these burgers might just work for us. I ordered the elk burger sans grill seasoning (contains gluten) without the bun. The menu states that the game is grass and grain fed, so I am not sure how closely this falls to our paleo needs but we figured it was close enough for a Friday night cheat meal. 

When the burgers were ready we hit the toppings bar and loaded up lettuce, onions, pico and pickles then made ourselves some burger wraps. I will admit the elk was not quite the medium well I requested, it was quite well done but that's ok. It also seemed to be very fatty considering it has "lean" in the menu description. As I cut pieces off the fat cooled and congealed on my knife leaving a thick white coating of elk fat. 

For the price I think next time I might just hit up Sprouts or the Meat Shop and get myself some truly grass fed meat and veggies to make wraps at home. But for a lazy night Fuddruckers does the trick.
I will admit I'm not much of a pie person unless it's pecan pie. However, Mama Toledo's has won me over. On three separate occasions, we've tried the chocolate pie, the coconut pie, and the pumpkin cheesecake. All were delicious! The crust is flaky and good, which is high praise coming from a gal who doesn't like crust. The husband, who loves crust, agrees it's really good. I really enjoyed that the pies tasted super fresh. They are also reasonably priced for a quick and tasty dessert. Definitely something to check out if you are ever given the chance!
Quick delivery very tasty food.  Mongolian beef and sautéed spicy beef was really yummy.
Friendly service and a clean atmosphere set the right mood for the vegan food we enjoyed at the Loving Hut tonight.  Food was alright, and I'm sure it is healthy, but even though I was "tummy full" at the end, I still felt "head hungry" anyway.  Oh well.  Prices weren't too bad, and I'll certainly go back to try other options.
You can add The White Wine Sangria and Del Mar Salad to the list of awesome food here. Can't wait to come here for brunch on Saturday for $12 unlimited mimosas!!!!!
THE standard for wings in Arizona, in my opinion.
Teaks cooks their wings to order, has great creative flavors - Jess Jess, El Jeffe, etc., and the staff is always prompt with great service. A well oiled, well run machine.
The bar staff is fantastic, my wife and I are 'regulars'. They know us by name, have our drink in our hands within minutes if not seconds.
The only drawback is the noise, crowd, lack of bar seeting and the bloody screaming kids parents tend to let run around earlier in the evening...
We time our visits better now to eliminate these factors and can't wait to go back again.
They are in S.Gilbert and WORTH THE DRIVE! 
They free pour so have a DD.
This is specifically for the bakery at this Albertsons.

Rather than spend $800 on a wedding cake for my engagement party, I went here to Albertsons Bakery and got a beautiful cake for 150 people for about $300.

They even ordered special initial figurines for me (for an extra charge).

The cake was done beautifully!! And it was delivered to our venue on time.

I was a little wary ordering from here, but they did a great job! Definitely recommend!
We are regulars at this place.  The food is very good, as are the portions.  The restaurant is clean, open and airy, and there is a patio outside for the appropriate time of the year.

The owner, David, is usually there and "manages by walking around".  The staff is both friendly and competent.

Try it, you'll like it!
Hamburger bun too big and should be toasted. Meat patty too big for bun and not enough flavor.   Fun and great service
I am usually an Aveda Salon kind of guy but I needed a hair cut and had time to spare on this business trip. This place had great reviews so thought I would give the chain a try.

As a new customer they provided all of the upgrades for free (so make certain you mention this when you arrive). The hair stylist was fun, energetic, friendly, and extremely talented. She provided a hot towel for my face, shampoo with scalp massage, and an a really good $17 hair cut. 

For a man on the go I was really impressed with the quality and value.
This was a fun experience.....assigned seating is nice.  I would like to try the D-Box seating for an action movie
The atmosphere here is fabulous, but the food can be hit or miss! I had my graduation party here and the food was just ok. However, I've eaten here before and the food was very good!
The dinner and drinks at Citizen Public House were out of this world! My dining companions drank the Im-port, made with house made tobacco & leather infused bitters-- seriously???  They raved about it!  My club soda was also poured to perfection.  I think they should make it a feature on the menu.
As an appetizer we had the pork belly pastrami, which is served with rye spaetzle, and brussels sprout sauerkraut.  It was delicious.  I had a little of the chopped salad.  It was delicious as always.  It is originally from the Cowboy Ciao menu, and has been a favorite of mine (and everyone else) for years.   The soup of the day was the tomato bisque, and it was very good too.  The scallops were perfectly cooked.  I sampled some of the beef short ribs.  They were some of the best ribs I have eaten in years.  I would definitely order them the next time I dine at CPH.  For dessert we shared the PB & B bread pudding.  It was the only thing that I didn't love.   It was a little dry.
Sat at the bar where they cook the food and that is the best seat in the house.  They have a pretty good happy hour, all of the food and certain glasses of wine are 50% off - good deal.

Food:

The happy hour menu is more limited but a good deal for the value.  Had the wild mushroom, fontina and argula pizza.  The crust was fantastic, the toppings were a bit bland and needed a little salt.  Also, shared the cheese plate with crostinis  - good, as expected.  The wine we had was fantastic.  They have a good wine list.  They were making homemade ricotta when we were there, which was cool.  

Our server was fantastic.

Atmosphere - good

As a foodie, the only thing that would have made it better is the cook being more willing to talk.  I asked her several questions about what she was making (when she wasn't busy) and she gave short answers and it was clear she didn't want to talk.  

I tried this place because the chef won the James Beard Award so my expectations were extremely high.  It was good but it didn't quite meet my expectations of five stars!

I would however go there again as the menu looked fabulous!
Love this place!   The only thing I don't like is the pace of the customer service...it's a lot slower than I would have expected from an ice cream shop.  The ice cream is melting!!!!  Hurry up!!!!
Three friends and I tried Malee's for lunch. I had the Arizona Heatwave (medium) since it was my first visit I needed a... "heat baseline" if you will. It was a delicious red curry. Medium was a little light on the heat, so next time I'll take it up to say 3.5 or 4. Service was excellent and they were VERY accomidating. A number of GF options as well.
My Indian coworker took me in for some Indian all-you-can-eat for lunch (~$9/person). Over-all a good meal - they offered three each of meat dishes and vegetarian entrees with a whole bunch of side options. Bottomless delicious naan and these fuckin amazing carrot bread dessert squares - almost drooled on my desk even thinking about those delicious orange fuckers.
This is a burger joint that also has mexican food...stick to the burgers and you will be fine. The patties are fresh ground and not frozen. Went with a group and 4 of us had burgers one had tacos. Burgers were great the tacos were ok. We had fries and onion rings, both were good. Not the best burger I have ever had, but for 6 bucks i have no complaints.
Great service
Hey everyone Sunita the old manager from Just Strings now works at Ibrow Threading at Tempe marketplace ! :D
I adore everything about Made from the cute house to the creative jewelry and artwork for sale on the walls.  Plus, there is a door that connects to Eye Lounge (except on First Fridays).  The best part is that they sell all of the Fuzzy Balls line by Roy Wasson Valle, an awesome local artist.  

I've never walked out of Made without buying something, even if it's just a pin or a notecard.  Luckily, it's close enough to my office that I can pop in at lunch, especially handy around the holidays since 95% of the gifts I buy come from here.

Pop in, check it out...there is something for everyone.
I wish I was rating this place higher. However, lack of follow through from management leaves me no choice.

Quick review: Got a big group? Don't bother calling and setting things up with Dianna. You'll feel like second-class citizens. It's sad, really.

I knew something was wrong when I called on Wednesday to try and see if this place could accommodate our #evfn (East Valley Friday Nights) group. When I asked the person if they could accommodate 30 people, he suggested I call back and speak with Dianna the next day. Odd, but OK.

When I spoke with Dianna on Thursday, I explained that we'd be bringing 30 people for a combination of dinner and drinks. She readily agreed that they could handle such a crowd, and said she would be happy to reserve A) a section of the bar and B) a group of tables contiguous to the bar, as not everyone would be eating dinner. Great. Sounds perfect, as some of us like to mingle, and setting us in one long table doesn't help with that.

When we arrived at the schedule time, we found four small round tables pressed together near the bar, where a grand total of three chairs were unoccupied. You do the math. 30 people it was NOT going to accommodate.

As the attendees began filing in -- and the space quickly filled -- we spoke to the management (possibly Dianna, though she never identified herself) and secured another table near us that was soon to vacate. Another four-top.

As our numbers quickly swelled to the promised 30, there simply wasn't room. And this was around 6:30, so it's not as if we were early. Some of our late arrivals grabbed an available table -- only to be rather rudely told by management that the table had been reserved and that she had "already informed them that there were no seats available.". Great. So much for making room for the 30 we had spoken about.

In the end, we called it short an hour into the evening. Having the bartender also act as our server was a huge mistake. The boy did what he could, but there was no way he could keep up with the growing bar patrons -- not our people -- and our swelling numbers. So everything was delayed -- including out trying to get the hell out of there so the place could return to normalcy. I'd not be surprised if some tabs went unpaid. Unfortunate if it happened, but patience only lasts for so long. And remember that they AGREED to allow us to bring the event to their establishment.

The kicker? When one of our attendees mentioned that things weren't  going so well. Dianne's answer? "I told the man who called that we couldn't handle this size of a group, but you all decided to come anyhow!" 

So in the end, the shitty review. You'll probably see more. Up front I said this was unfortunate. And it's true, for the food was excellent. I had chili rellenos and was quite impressed. However, I'll never go back to this place because of bad service. And mind you, all of this was pre-arranged. We never went over our promised 30 people. Hell, they couldn't handle us when we were less than 20. It's not even communication failure. It's follow through failure.

So feel free to try this group when it's a party of 2. Anything larger... you're on your own. And forget reservations. And abandon the idea of talking to Dianna. She obviously isn't anyone who can follow through.
I confirmed with restaurant.com that the voucher was valid and that the owner acted in an inappropriate manner.  AVOID PITA HOUSE.
Great little place that has really good Bun! Their Pho is also good, but the Bun is wonderful. At the office, we just send an e-mail with a subject line of "B4" (which is the Bun combo of shrimp, pork and imperial rolls) when we are hungry for good Vietnamese food.  Friendly folks serving good food - what more could you ask for?
Great place for a HEALTHY meal! Prices are great but place is ALWAYS packed so arrive before your appetite does. I have never tried hummus until then and I must say it is a very good appetizer. With how busy it was, I was surprised as to how quickly our food came out. I didn't feel "over-stuffed" as some heavy food leaves you feeling. Go try it!
The price is reasonable and the portions are huge! Also, the management has changed back to the previous owners so things are a bit different!
Monday: CLOSED
Tuesday-Thursday: 11:00am - 9:00pm
Friday: 11:00am - 10:00pm
Saturday: Noon - 10:00pm
Sunday: Noon - 9:00pm
Truly one of the best experiences I have had upon check in!!! Both Jay, the shuttle driver and bellman and Walt, the front desk representative were friendly, professional and very courteous! They both made my late night arrival much more pleasant!!! Exceptional service all around!! Thank you!
Everyone that works here is very nice. The older gentlemen that works here, especially so. 
This morning as he prepared my sandwich, one of his regulars came in. He began attending him when my sandwich was in the oven. He then got so into making the other sandwich that he almost forgot about mine. The guy who came in behind me actually jumped me in line thinking he was going to check out first...(no chivalry to be had there)..  Anyways, right as the Subway attendant started to bag the other sandwich, he seemed to have remembered mine, finished it & checked me out first. 
Great sandwich nonetheless!! :)
Known locally as "Arizona's Antique Capital," Historic Downtown Glendale offers 10 square blocks of charming restaurants, specialty shops, and bungalow boutiques. This is the best window-shopping south of Prescott. Hop on the town trolley as it loops through the area, while you keep an eye out for the wonderful panini sandwich shop and the one-of-a-kind glass beads. Other shops offer imports, art, crafts, collectables, clothing, ans accessories. Oh - and antiques. USA Today even named downtown Glendale as one of the top ten antique destinations in the country. Who knew?
I booked a room block at this hotel for my wedding party. The reason I chose this hotel was because it looked modern and fresh and everyone was very friendly right from the beginning...it was very close to my venue and they offered us a shuttle service to and from the reception site, in addition to this we were sold on the bar/lounge- they told us as long as we were buying drinks at the bar they would keep it open til 2am- we had planned to lounge and drink with the family at the hotel after our reception, they also offered us the jacuzzi suite complimentary. When we arrived they had none of our reservations saved in the computer. Which made our experience frustrating from the beginning. They also were very rude about providing two rooms next to each other for a member of our party. Once we finally got checked in, we were told that the bar/lounge/restaurant was closed- at 5pm. We kindly mentioned to the staff that we had been assured the bar would be available for us, but no one cared and everyone was completely unapologetic. Shuttle service worked out well. So, we all came back at the end of the night, brought our own cooler of beverages and sat outside near the pool to relax/unwind/mingle- we were promptly yelled at by the night manager being told this was inappropriate- because we were too "loud" (there were only about 10 of us). We asked if we could move into the lounge and drink our own beverages, and after much reluctance and plenty of rudeness he let us in there, but told us he needed to shut us down at 1am which we were ok with, but he stuck his head in the room every 15min to make sure we were behaving and gave us dirty looks. My husband attempted to reason with him at the end of the night but the manager didn't care, he just kept saying "have a good night" and "we hope you come back next year for your anniversary"... Really?! Not one apology for the inconvenience, etc. The jacuzzi suite was nice enough, but when we checked out they attempted to charge us for it even though that was not the agreement. Rudely they did agreed not to charge us. Overall- we were extremely dissatisfied with the customer service and communication in this establishment. Nearly NONE of the things we were promised worked out, and no one cared. I know this is usually a business-stay type place, but we had been assured this would work out. Big Bummer.
My nails didn't look as great the next day, two jewels on each finger fell off. Two days later the paint on my nails started to chip. I had to paint my nails again, cause half of my thumb was chipped. The same thing happened to my little sisters nails also.
I've come to the conclusion Arizona has no idea what the mongolian experience is supposed to be like.  But this place is the best I've found so far.

basically you pick the ingredients from a buffet style set up, and then they cook it on a huge open range.  Lots of meats, veggies, and spices, and a decent selection for the vegan/vegitarian crowd.

its a little pricy, about 9 bucks for a single bowl and 15 for unlimited trips, but compared to the rest of the mongolian rip offs around town this is the bee's knees.

And for the people concerned about cross contamination, its all cooked after you make your selection so raw meat touching the veggies doesnt really hurt anything.
The best slice special in town!
I really enjoy this spot. Everything is fresh and made to order. I get the chicken fried rice and add vegetables nearly every time. I have been known to eat the same thing week after week. This place is gotta good vibe to it as well. Enjoy!
New to the area and had out-of-state company to entertain.  Found this place by searching for cheap and free things to do online.  So glad I did!  

I called for information only to find out that 2 of the 3 phone numbers tell you to call other numbers for info.  The phone number for the Ranger's Station got me to a live person right away despite other messages saying it could be 3 days before hearing back.  Best to call (602) 262-7393 for info.  

We did the scenic driving tour which is free.  I liked that it was easy to find my way to the Park without being all that familiar with the area. Take Central Ave South from I-10 until you end up in the park.  Easy enough.  The ranger told me just to say on the main road and that would get me to the top and (with only one fork in the road--go left) it did.  Several breath-taking views on the way up and different ones on the way down.  

Be sure to take your camera, beware of loose gravel and some broken glass and spend sometime just sitting at the summit.  The day I went was cloudy and breezy and that made the visit absolutely perfect for people who aren't used to the hot summer temps of AZ.  Not too crowded and plenty of space to enjoy the sights without being disturbed by the other visitors. 

There were several park benches at the top, rocks to sit on and a couple of picnic tables if you want to bring a picnic lunch.

It took us about 30 minutes to drive up to the top since we stopped at some of the look-outs, we stayed for over an hour at the top and then drove down.  Very relaxing to stop and take it all in.  Highly recommended.

There are restroom facilities and drink machines at the base of the mountain.  If you have kids, I'd suggest stopping before you go up since I don't recall seeing any facilities at all at the top or on the way.
I've been taking prenatal yoga classes from Casey, Founder and Associate of this healing and wellness company throughout my pregnancy, and it took me until today, the day before my due date, to take Casey up on her offer to come in for a prenatal massage session.  Needless to say, I should've gone in sooner.

The office is a hidden gem, located just north of Indian School on the east side of 32nd street.  I parked in back and made my way up to the door where Casey was waiting for me with a cold bottle of water... nice touch!  Since I'm very pregnant at the moment, Casey worked on me first in a special chair that allowed room for my belly and then on a table that had just enough foam pillows to keep me comfortable and relaxed.  Her healing touch was amazing, and the time I spent there flew by.

Rates are extremely competitive, and first time clients can take advantage of an introductory massage for just $45.  In addition to Casey, there are three other associates, and they are available for appointments from early morning through evening 7 days a week.  They do all kinds of massage ranging from deep tissue, relaxation, energetic, prenatal, and more... they also specialize in working with corporate wellness - I know they keep busy with some large companies in town.  If you're looking for a massage from a skilled professional, you can't go wrong here.  Enjoy!
Great Value. My tires are old and almost worn out. One steel belt broke, so I went here to buy a used tire just to get me by for awhile (I don't drive my truck often, and thinking of selling it). I got a 31x10.5x15 truck tire for $40 (balanced and installed). The tire had a fair amount of tread on it. 

Great Service. The worker dipped the inflated tire in water to check for leaks, and did a great job balancing. Another worker checked the pressure of my other 3 tires.

Cons: 1) They charge $2 for using a credit card. I guess they get a lot of cash buyers and don't want to pass credit-card fees on to them. It seems fair.

2) It's primarily spanish-speaking workers. A couple of the guys spoke English (plus the cashier lady in the small booth). The two doing the work didn't.

I liked them. Very diligent and fair.
A trendy looking restaurant and bar.   

We ordered the ribs and grits, seafood chowda, pineapple-upside down cake, roasted cauliflower. Also enjoyed a few cocktails.

Everything was really good - Really like the blue cheese grits.

I recommend!!!
Chef Charleen Badman is a culinary wizard!   We visit Scottsdale once a year and would never miss the opportunity to dine at FnB and experience her "comfort food" alchemy.  What Charleen does to locally sourced produce and meats has to be savored to be described.  We have eaten all over the world - and FnB stands out from the crowd.  Small and intimate - but NEVER stuffy.  Don't pass up the cauliflower and the fennel with egg is a local legend!
I've only been here once, and that one time was awesome! I saw the '70's Soul Jam' ,woo! The parking lot is fairly small so it was a little crowded, but we got inside quickly. I love how small the venue is inside, we all got a look at the music groups, since of course, the stage is spinning! In my opinion, security was nice, and the employees as well. I was very happy that night.
I ate at the original barrio cafe on 16th which was very good and interesting (maybe a little overpriced) but definetly recommended.  The airport barrio cafe was like the owner lost control of the car and drove off the road that has taken them to success.  I ordered a burrito (don't remember which) but it was soggy, with what tasted like canned chicken and a ton of sour cream.  Nasty!!
This is one of the of the worse zoos I have ever experienced in my entire life!  It's an embarrassment for the city of phoenix! They over charge you for everything  once you get inside including the $18.00 admission fee and there is nothing  worth seeing and they hardly have any animals to look at!  I would not even pay them $5.00 to get in this place in fact they would have to pay me to go back there because this is not a zoo but a big joke at our expense! I gave them one star for zoo lights.  Bottom line here is the Phoenix Zoo sucks and has nothing to offer except zoo lights in December!  So save your money and go to the
Worldlife World Zoo & Aquarium in the west valley because that's a real zoo!
This place is pretty delicious. I've come here for a while and the food is consistent. I enjoy their cheesy beef and their delicious fries. 

So if you like greasy food and ESPN, this place is for you.
Eh...If in Tempe, go to Khai Hoan for Vietnamese. The only thing this place has is it's late night hours (open until 2a on weekend).
Their seasonal pumpkin creme cheese is pretty good, and I just found out they have discount bagels half price for a dozen from 2-3 PM.  After trying a few more sandwiches and drinks with no complaint I'll upgrade a star!  

P.S.  Their mocha coconut frappe is delicious!
Dexter loved it!  He's a 7-pound rat terrier and extremely social (I have NO idea where he gets it from!).  Went with Robert M and Brady.  When we got there, there were only a couple of other dogs.  By the time we left, there were probably around 20.
The park is clean, with plenty of seating for "the people" and lots of shade.
Chuey, a toy silkie, had his way with Dexter and so did a beagle.
Dexter ran like there was no tomorrow!  This was his first dog park. 
Had to take him to Wag N Wash after, though, as he was covered in a few different types of doggie fluids.
Just left early from Arizona Opera Lucia Di Lammermoor. It was horrible. I felt like I was at a high school production! Their is no sound production and the performers do not wear mikes. So you are in a fairly large hall (the symphony hall to be exact) and all you can hear are these tiny voices from the stage. I could've had the same experience watching it on my IPad. DO NOT waste your hard earned money. They should be ashamed to pretend this is a true opera!
Pretty good sushi, pricy but happy hour prices are good (50% off). Not really filling, but nice customer service.
Edamame dumplings---delicious 
Caramelized onion tart---good
Pan seared sea bass --- I really enjoyed the Brussels sprouts, I didn't really care for the purple potatoes it tasted dry and overcooked, the fish itself was cooked well
Almond Olive Oil cake with greek yogurt---the combination of both of the ingredients did not seem to pair well with each other. I think had the almond olive oil cake been topped with anything else it would have been much better.
I'll start this mediocre review with the caveat that I went here on a Wednesday night for happy hour with some co-workers. Also, it was evidently training day, as our service was unusually slow, according to my drinking buddies who are regulars there. So take this with a giant grain of salt...

First of all, the foam on the Guiness was thin. Inexcusable. If you're going to market yourself as an Irish pub, I expect the Guiness to be molasses thick with an impenetrable foam served just the other side of room temperature. They got the temp right, but nothing else. Also, my black and tan was thoroughly blended by the time it got to me thanks to some rough handling by the bartender/waitstaff.

The band got off on the wrong foot by asking the largest group in the bar (aka us) to move so they could set up their stage monitors. Give. Me. A. Break. You're not playing the House of Blues, there are 30 people in the bar, and you have a crappie Mackie 8-channel mixer sitting on top of the 5-string fretless bass player's amp. I think you can get by without setting up your two giant floor monitors for this gig. And spare me the crappy Johnny Rotten soundcheck, too. I get it. It's an Irish bar (Johnny Rotten was from London, not Dublin you ass) not Wembley Arena.

To make matters worse, they started off with an unspeakably lame cover of  Al Green's seminal soul masterpiece "Let's Stay Together" done as a solo piece by a guy who sounded like he learned to play guitar by listening to NPR.

Saving graces: Boddington's was on point. I heard one of the funniest stories I've heard in a long time from James "Cool Whip" H (for those of you who are interested, take me out for a drink, and I'll tell you about the "Whip Test"). Wings were not bad.

Probably my last time at Rosie's but I guess to be fair I should go back on a weekend or when the Fleetwood Mac cover band isn't playing, but seems unlikely at this point.
Bad customer service!! Employees need to get their info straight!  This establishment caters only to leagues...we attempted to bowl here on a Wednesday night and 3 different employees had different info.  First called to check on leagues and woman informed us it was "first come first serve".  We showed up at 5:15 and another  employee stated league was starting at 6-9:30 and no other lanes open....to come back at 9 or 9:30.  Showed up at 8:40 and 3rd employee stated another league starting at 9:30 and it was 1-2 hour wait!  Are you serious!?  This place only caters to leagues so don't try to go if you just want to bowl!  If I wanted an arcade I'd go to Dave & Buster's!
Best fried onion rings I've had.  The only thing on their menu I'd eat were the fish tacos.  They were alright.  If they offered the option of changing any of their burgers to a veggie burger, I'd be here at least once a week.  Sports TVs were all over.  Normally I have to sit on the side that can't see the TV because my bf likes to watch sports.  It didn't really matter where you sat, you could see the TV.  That said, they didn't offer the HBO fight between Silva and what's his bucket, so we didn't stay one time.  The time we did stay, the table near us had a screaming kid.  We came in around late lunch time, but this kid was there before we got there and stayed after we left.  He was screaming the whole time.  I wish there was a way to keep screaming kids out of resturaunts, kind of like no smoking, no screaming progeny. Not the resturaunt's fault.  I'll come back when I have a craving for frickin' brilliant onion rings.  Otherwise, not worth it for this pescatarian.
Love this restaurant! I get lunch here a couple times a month and wish I had time to get back down there for dinner! The Pigstrami is by far my favorite sandwich.....EVER!
The girls and I chose Citizen Public House for our Saturday night dinning spot due to it's charm, reputation, and location. Previous visits to this establishment were phenomenal; a concoction of various liquors saturating my belly  and the consumption of a possibly over-priced steak. That being said, last evening was slightly less exemplary. But only slightly.

We arrived around 830 to a moderately busy restaurant. Got a great booth & decided on a tasty Pinot Grigio for under $30. Our server was decent, not great, clearly busy. I found myself wondering where he was a few times, but his moderate charm and the speed of our appetizer allowed some forgiveness. That, and the fact that we have all worked as servers/bartenders one time or another, oh and the wine :) 

We ordered the halibut, pastrami appetizer, smart chicken, and the fondue appetizer. Fondue came out quickly and was amazing. The halibut was good, but not great - the pastrami was excessively fatty, I was expecting a little fat, but having grown up consuming strangely large amounts of pastrami, i must admit that it was aggressive. The chicken was the star of the meal, with sweet corn risotto, mushrooms, and perfectly moist chicken. It was definitely aptly named, smart chicken. 

My main concern was the vegetables. I love my veggies, and a simple sautéed veggie dish would've been lovely. I ordered $5 relished veggies and got a plate of under cooked, hard, disgusting squash and onions. That is not an array of delicious greens. There actually were no greens. The halibut came with cauliflower that was really just not good. Like really, not good. The brussels sprout sauerkraut sounded like the stuff my dreams are made of (is that lame?) and unfortunately was not of dream quality. 

The food may be hit or miss occasionally ('ve heard the scallops are phenomenal, and the steak is very good, although a small portion) the bar definitely makes up for any failings. A delicious array of cocktails that you've never dreamed of, made by friendly, talented mixologists. Truly, they aren't bartenders. We tried this grapefruit vodka, spicy tomato juice, basil oil concoction and it was just delicious. Every drink i've had there has been funky, unique, and just phenomenal. 

Maybe in the future I'll skip dinner at CPH, and just go straight to their bar...
Very friendly, no long lines, quick, consistant service!
Ordered Mike's veggie sandwich, probably the worst sandwich I've ever had at a restaurant. If you are a vegetarian or vegan I recommend going somewhere else.
They fit shoes, to keep feet fit. Just ask for Lisa, and you"ll have the best customer care ever.
This is where I work out and am a Member! I have been a member for about a year now and I love it. The complex it is in is nice and peaceful and traffic in this area is never very bad. I love driving up there at night because for a second you get out of the city. 

The gym can get busy depending on what time of day you go, but everything in the gym is brand new and beautiful. Because it is open 24 hrs a day I go at obscure times when I want to unwind and not have everyone seeing how bad at pull ups I really am! Really, I always do those when the gym is not busy as to not embarrass myself! 
This gym has been affordable and  I love it!
Very good thin crust or deep dish pizza, the veggie is awesome.  Their wings are hard to top as well.  Owned by the guy who started the Grande Pizza on Union Hills, he is now out here to make this Grande as good as his last one.  Inside seating is somewhat cozy but very doable, even with kids.
Save your money, and drive a few more blocks to Filiberto's.  They are selling Filiberto's food at Outback Steakhouse prices.  The service is good though...
Not great, but not awful.

This is your typical Starbucks. It's usually pretty average, however the last few times my coffee has tasted burnt. One time, they warned me saying it was the bottom of the batch but the two subsequent times I have not received such a disclaimer. Also, my recent Pumpkin Spice latte tasted strange, and my friend said it tasted like hot chocolate. Not good, but not awful. 

There is limited seating inside, but the patio makes up for it with various groupings of tables and chairs. I always see folks hanging out and talking - what I like to see at a coffee shop. No drive-thru, which is a let-down, though I like being forced to enjoy the full Starbucks experience sometimes.

What brings me back is location, my caffeine fix, quick service and a new trivia question on the whiteboard every week!  What is Philematology? The baristas here will know.
I have heard so many good reviews for this place, so who wouldn't try it? I should have taken the hints before I got my meal, that this wasn't a good choice.

Hint 1: Location - It's right next to a smoke shop and a gas station across the street from a mobile park.

Hint 2: Food test - It was nice that I got to sample the food even if the first sample wasn't up to par, the guy wouldn't leave me alone about sampling.

Hint 3: Decor - I know this should never have anything to do with the food, but it felt like I was eating at a cousins house on the bad side of town, wobbly chairs, wobbly table.

I ordered the teriyaki chicken (didn't think it would be bad, I mean who can mess up teriyaki?) With chicken fried rice (once again, how on earth can you mess up fried rice?) 

The chicken tasted like it was frozen and thawed out all day. Such a horrible taste. The fried rice tasted like it too was thawed out, kind of had a gross tangy after taste. There also wasn't any spices or egg in the fried rice, just a bunch of green onion,which technically isn't a fried rice. This meal can be related to something you get in the frozen section at a grocery store.

They also give you a snickerdoodle cookie, that looked like it could be the best thing on the menu, until I noticed it wasn't cooked all the way through.

But the icing on the cake was the gross pube like grey hair I found floating in my teriyaki sauce. 

So the expensive $8 meal was so not worth it, and I 'm sure when Diners Drive Ins and Dives visited, the food was great, but today it was the grossest thing I've ever had.
I used to think this place deserved at least 4 stars but with the new happy hour specials (1/2 off appetizers and margharitas, 1.50 some kinda shredded meat taco that you can get at Juliobertos for a buck Mon-Wed) its gone down to a meh..  Their soda fountain is never calibrated right and now you have to request the complimentary chips and salsa.  Definitely not my favorite anymore!
Last weekend I had the opportunity to head way out to the far extreme fringes of North Scottsdale and come across Rare Earth.  It is located somewhere between the end of the earth (preferable name for the restaurant - bar) and Troon North.

The atmosphere is somewhere between the Hamptons meets the Sonoran desert.  My first impression was that it was the rich man's dive (neighborhood) bar equivalency.  Do not get me wrong, it is a nice place.

The restaurant offers a panoramic view of the Sonoran mountain landscape.  The interior has the feel offer a coffee house cum wine bar with local art and Moroccan cushion stools.

The clientele when I visited was mainly 50 plus professionals and young retirees.  

The best part of the evening was the live jazz performed by Crystal Clark.  Her performances are always outstanding and this time was no exception!  

However, please turn off the televisions!  The evening was filled with soft, elegant jazz with two televisions playing sports.  First off, this restaurant is serving wine and cocktails and virtually no beer.  Absolutely nobody is watch sports on the television! Nobody!  Turn the thing off and let us enjoy the live entertainment!

I ordered the Margherita pizza which was done in a cracker thin crusty - yummy! and the Caesar salad also outstanding (add more anchovies and less lemon and it would be near perfect).

Overall I must say that this place is out of the way, but definitely worth the visit.
OMG!  I have to say this is hands down the best resort I've ever stayed!!!  I felt very relaxed when I left.  

10+different pools, volleyball in the pools, the spa was very relaxing, the resort was very scenic and gorgeous, the staff was friendly, nightly entertainment was alot of fun, work out facilities was clean, the had bike rentals, golf course, meals was excellent... must I go on??  

We stayed here twice and a great experience EVERY time!!!
I can't believe I haven't written a review till now! I am in love. Oils and Olives is my favorite place for olive oil, spreads, honey, and vinegar. My favorite part is that I can sample everything before I buy. This is also my least favorite part because then I end up liking everything I tried and spending way to much! The staff here is always very helpful and I always find something new to try. Some of my favorites are the garlic olive oil, garlic Parmesan dip, Chili Lime oil, and asiago cheese spread. They also apparently have a couple restaurants that I am going to try soon. I signed up for their rewards program and they automatically give you $5 off your next visit so I am going to use it to try their restaurant in Queen Creek. This is one of those stores that once you start using their products, you can't imagine how you lived and cooked before without them!!
Su Vino is the only place in AZ that I know of that makes their own wine.  I was wondering how they actually did it, and they buy their grapes from all over the world.  In the wine bar itself, you can see the barrels and equipment that they use to produce the grapes into wine. 

I came in with a Groupon, and we found a seat at the bar.  The person serving us was a good friend of my friend.  My friend is a doctor and he learned a lot from the co-owner who is a PA.  It was good to know that Su Vino is family owned and customer friendly.  With the Groupon, I was able to take try 5 different wines and share an appetizer with my friend.  I tried the white wines and a Merlot.  My favorite wine was the Summer Rain, as it had a light taste and fresh flavors to combat the summer heat in AZ.  

The prices are fairly decent for a bottle, too.  I will come back again to enjoy!
I never tasted "Paradise" until a recent visit to Arizona. They have some slogan about being known for their cookies. I felt like the gauntlet was thrown, so I took up the challenge. 

I decided to get two chocolate chip cookies. The clerk working here was nice and gave me two for the price of one since it was near the end of the day. The cookies didn't look incredible, but looks can be deceiving. In this case, they weren't.

Mr. L and I waited until our Greyhound Bus ride to Tucson to try them. They were too sugary and did not taste good. We weren't interested in finishing them - not worth the calories nor the effort of chewing. Mr. L said Pepperidge Farm Chocolate Chip Cookies were better, not that Pepperidge Farm cookies are the pinnacle of greatness or bad either, but I expected better from a bakery that brags about their cookies. 

The cookies were the perfect 2 star complement to sitting by the bathroom on the back of the Greyhound Bus. 

Instead of finding paradise in the cookie form, it was more like "Paradise Lost."
Arizona natives know the magical tranquility that comes from stepping out of ultra-bright heat and into cool, cool darkness. Yucca reminds me of the Tempe and Chandler bars of my childhood, where my friends' moms would let us run around while they sipped Coronas with leathery men.

I returned Sunday night after years away, and the new Sunday night bartender is an absolute knockout. It made the $3.75 Bud Lights easier to swallow.
Terrible in that my overpriced grilled cheese had 2 small pieces of cheese.  The bread was showing in many places and it would not even stay together with the melted cheese!!  When I spoke to the manager she said she would have to tell the cooperate chef??  She offered to make me another one but I was not interested.  I told her that I felt like we had been short changed on it and she just said she was sorry.  The senior menu had it with ham for $5.99 - I told the waiter that I just wanted the regular grilled cheese and he said ok.  On the bill it was $6.99!!! for two pieces of bread and 2 small pieces of cheese! ... We will not return!!
I had a water leak in the garage and needed to replace the drywall.  I thought about doing it myself, but after the demolition I was not in the mood to do the drywall, that is when I called in Jim.    Jim came out and gave me a quote better than all the rest.  

He was prompt, courteous and honest.  He finished on time and on budget.

No hidden surprises.  He even went above and beyond by going back to home depot to get the paint tinted to match the existing garage wall.

His finished work looked great.  
I will definitely  be calling Jim for any future drywall jobs, and first on my list for everything else.
YUM YUM YUM!!! This place is amazing. The focus is fresh delicious food. Everything tastes like it was made from scratch that day. Everything we've eaten had a distinct flavor so you can really get a feel for lots of different tastes. Whatever kind of "Mexican" you are in the mood for; this place will deliver. Nothing here ever feels like it was rushed to be cooked faster.

My fiancé and I have been here twice and the second time was even better than the first.

The first time we had 2 Cochinita pibil (pork) tacos, a Dogfish Shark taco and a Carne Asada taco. All of them were amazing with each having their own unique seasonings, complimentary accoutrement (pickled red onion for the pork, cabbage and creamy salsa for the shark etc.).

The second time we got a 'Dogfish Shark' taco, a chicken mole taco and a chicken burrito. The chicken mole was outstanding. My mouth is watering remembering it. It was a perfect earthy balance of the chili and the chocolate dancing on my tongue. The chicken burrito was also amazing in its simplicity. The refried beans are smoky and smooth in an indescribable way. The chicken was slow cooked and complimented the beans well. 

The horchata was very good- and not gritty or powdery or too sweet like many places. My only complaint (because nothing's perfect right?) is I would have liked more ice. Yeah- that's all I could come up with.

The variety of salsas makes it fun. The first time we went they didn't have the strawberry salsa we had read so much about, so of course we had to come back! We got the strawberry salsa and there was also the peanut salsa which I preferred to the strawberry one. Again the variety of tastes in the salsa is fantastic. The flavor combinations are unique and widely varied from sweet, to savory to spicy.

I work around the corner so will definitely be back for more!
They didn't skip a beat by copying what they did at their food truck and incorporating it into a sit-down restaurant. I have only ever ordered take out, and have not had the opportunity to actually "sit and stay" to eat, but both times my meal was just as good as my other meals from the truck. Also love what they did with the space, and the owners are always so nice! 

Every time I've been in, the place has been pretty packed. It doesn't seem like it takes too long to get a seat though. I've usually had to wait about 10 minutes for my dog during peak lunch time, not bad at all and better than standing outside in the hot sun waiting! 

My favorite dog is the Aiko, and it's hard for me to stray away from that one, but I did try the Bear recently and the unique ingredients (including peanut butter) is an awesome delight.
Really great food. At lunch order the $9.99 combination of half salad and half pasta.
I never actually went into the spa or received services, but that was only because they jerked us around for two hours and screwed with our appointment due to other clients requesting a longer stay. We made reservations for 1:30 and went to the nearby Starbucks since we were early. 

They called and asked if we could push it to 2pm because of other clients wanting a longer massage, so we said fine- a half hour is okay. 

Then once 2pm was nearing they asked if we could push it back to 3pm because of the same people. Well we said no, because we have other plans for the day and we don't appreciate being jerked around like this and we said goodbye. They're losing money and new clients with this attitude and I will never consider going there ever again if this is how they treat new clients.
They really need to add some staff. Each time I stop at this one it seems to take an usually long time. Add the fact that when I get an iced coffee here, hair doesn't start growing on my chest as it does when I order it at other locations. Boo.
You can't go wrong with a little Cracker Barrel. I got the chicken fried steak and it was great. My friend had the pecan pancakes and I don't really like pecans.. But they were tasty!
Big bar in the heart of Tempe.  The guys tend to love it for the cheap Corona.  I like it for the atmosphere so long as it is not too packed with underaged college kids.  It is a pretty open space and it almost feels like you are in a warehouse.  The bartenders have heavy hands, which is always a plus when you are a vodka person, like I am.  Great place to go hang with your friends in your flip flops and tees.  Cool, chill, laid-back...just like I like it.
This is what a burger should taste like. I was satisfied and there wasn't any stupid gourmet type additives or toppings that shouldn't be on an all-American burger in the first place. As my first visit to this restaurant chain, I can say I will be back again definitely.  The only thing I have to thumbs down on was the Cajun fries....waaay too salty. I had to toss them out even after I tried wiping off some of the salty red spice with  bunch of napkins.  There was no saving them.  Maybe I just got a fluke bad batch and the seasoning guy had heavy hands, but it was not edible.  As for the burgers, top notch deelish!
Third time is a charm...one bad review and one good review. With a friend in town, we decided to go for BBQ. I have been to Lucille's a couple of times. The last time was descent so it seemed like a good option. Tie-breaker indicates the first review (negative) may be the more accurate. Again the food was good (but my friend wasn't happy with the gravy slathered all over the chicken. The issues with slow and incorrect service remained.  It took a while to get drinks, refills were slow and incorrect. Several people came in after us and left before us. Dessert was so slow we had to cancel it. They must make each cobbler from scratch as ordered because 15 minutes later we still had no pie. An additional displeasure is the restaurant is very loud - especially on the patio. It is hard to hear others at the same table due to the noise. Two hours for a Friday lunch for three is a bit ridiculous!
This is not your typical Mom and Pop Mexican joint, it's not Arriba's or Macayo's either. This is local fresh Mexican and is one of the best places you can hit in Phoenix. Start at the bar with a beer or a tasty margarita.
One you get a table, you can't go wrong starting out with chips and guacamole. But for a really awesome start, go with the chicharron de queso which is a yummy cheese crisp accompanied with an aioli dipping sauce-it really is out of this world. Ideally come with a group so you can justify ordering that AND the chips and guac.
The tacos are tasty and very reasonably priced-I recommend the carne asada and shrimp tacos. If you order a lot of different tacos it may be hard to keep track of which is which since they are brought to your table on metal racks. I also had a side of pint beans which were great.
The service is friendly and attentive. I planned on drinking a lot on this particular visit and followed through on my plan. Fortunately they kept my water glass full so that could stay hydrated. Thanks to them and five advil, I was 80 percent functional by mid-day the following day (I think we were the last ones to leave that night)
If you haven't already check this place out. The food and drinks are fantastic and reasonably priced-you really can't go wrong.
this store is always a cluttered mangled pile of jewelery! The perfect place for tweeny boppers. My daughter got her ears pierced for her 11th bday (2nd hole) and the assistant manager did a great job and even shoed away the weird older lady failing to be a cheerleader! Thanks!
Simply superb. Amazing food, great customer service. The place is very nice in and out, bathrooms are top notch as well. Prices are extremely reasonable considering everything is organic.
Only thing I did not like is when the hostess brought the food she had her thumb close to it, the way she was holding the plate. She should have had gloves on.
This is a wonderful church in central Phoenix.  Pastor Dan Yeary is so kind and caring and has a story telling type of preaching so it's easy to understand.  It is Biblically based.  Even though, it's a large church there is something for everyone and every age.  There are so many small group Bible studies available.  People are friendly and they even have greeters in purple vests in the parking lot to assist you.  Sunday Bible studies are at 9 am and church begins at 10:30 in the main sanctuary.  All are welcome!
Great little place.  One of my issues, of many, with Phoenix is there are no small places to grab lunch.  Yeah for Zulu Caffe.  

A little hard to find of you are using Mapquest si just shoot for the Scottsdale airport.  The menu is small, but what there is is very good. and provides a variety of salads and sandwiches.  Check out the brunch and lunch menu online. 

The potato chip stack is utterly sublime and is addictive just as the server predicted.  In fact, it's calling my name right now.

One word of warning, if you are on a diet take heed.  Not much for dieting which is probably why it is so good.
Good food, we come every year for our birthdays. Scott our server while very nice was a little slow with drink refills. Don't leave without ordering the creme brûlée .., it's the best
I don't believe in God, I believe in breakfast, and any place within biking distance of home and work that serves breakfast ALL DAY is the winner, all day every day. I've only had three meals there but all were great---chorizo torta, chilequiles, and pancakes. And let's not forget my favorite, most needed breakfast accompaniment--a delicious, spicy bloody mary. Drooling....
So when my sweet boyfriend sent me a text that said meet me at Dozo for sushi, I was a little nervous.  I'm very hesitant to try a new sushi place, mostly cause I'm just a big-baby-scaredy-cat.   But I put on my big girl pants and met the man at Dozo.  

From the minute I walked in the door, I was charmed.  No screaming loud music?  No 19 year olds serving a food they likely know nothing about?  No scenesters to be found?  Dozo, I'm in love.  

We started with edamame, which was steamed perfectly, very flavorful and lightly salted.  Then we moved on to the Crunchy California roll and a two-piece order of sake (salmon).  Both were delicious, but the sake in particular melted in my mouth.  Next came the caterpillar roll which was tasty, but a little loosely rolled for my taste.  Then a delicious unagi.  Then the bf wanted to order more, I didn't know if I could possibly eat anymore but he agreed to ask the friendly chef for a recommendation.  (Side-note: I love doing this, you get the most unexpected, delicious surprises when you turn a chef loose at his craft.)  What we got in return was the most perfect end to our meal: a spicy tuna roll, with tuna and avocado layered across the top, with a citrus sauce, unagi sauce and all those yummy crunchy bits sprinkled around it.  All of that plus two large Kirins and a flask of sake for about 60 bucks including tax and tip.  

This place is clean, family run and very friendly.  Service was prompt and the chef was more than willing to educate us about what he was making or what was on the menu.  It was quiet in the restaurant with maybe only three or four other people in the place, but it was a Monday night.  Plus I like it that way....so shhhhh!  Even better....it is in the neighborhood.  We'll be back....often.
Have had two different experiences! One time food not cooked well, poor service! I would of given it one star, BUT, have been back several times, and it was great!!! So I will forgive and forget! Lol
Five stars.

The staff at the Royal Palms is so unbelievably helpful and courteous.  I'm not sure I'm the type you might expect to find at a resort like this, but I've never detected a whiff of attitude from anyone here.

Last year, I reserved a "Royal Romance Package" which included dinner and a room, complete with champagne and chocolate-covered strawberries.  Our room was a large casita at the corner of the property, resulting in a very quiet and private experience.  Walking around the resort, you feel like you're really (as lame as it sounds typing this) in an "oasis in the desert."  The other guests have those silly, serene looks stuck to their faces.  The staff is always smiling.  Everything just seems so...leisurely.

Don't even get me started on T. Cook's.  The service and food are impeccable.  At first, the portions may seem a little smaller than you're used to, but the flavors more than make up for this.  I've eaten here a few times and the wait staff are always pleasant and conversational without intruding on our meal.

My fiance and I are currently planning our wedding here in the small, private Alegria garden.  The Royal Palms was the first and last place we toured; we just absolutely love this resort.
Great customer service.  Friendly staff.  Very prompt.
Great vegetarian dishes; You can't go wrong with the veg hash. They have moved and expanded. Great outside seating and nice addition with the bar, menu extension and longer hours.
Probably the best food for this type of dining.  Our chef, Jeff, was great!
The casino is nice, they actually have a non smoking section; a pleasant change from most other casinos in Arizona. Unfortunately it was tiny, and the smoke from the surrounding areas of the casino seeped in. The casino does get a bit smokey especially when crowded.Their buffet was pretty good, and they are pretty good with giving out comps, including free rooms, especially compared to the competition in the rest of the state, although this could be due to the remote location. The only problem is the comps expire way too frequently.
This place has decent food.  The protein pancakes are great.  I enjoyed sitting outside here and having breakfast and it was close to where we used to live.  It's not anything amazing, but it is good when you are craving some breakfast food.
I was slightly disappointed by this place my first time. I went the next week for Happy Hour and it was great.

Lemon Drop Martini for $5
Calamari for $7
Ahi Tuna Tar Tar for $8
Gulf Oysters for $0.75 a piece

It was Friday and the bar was packed but 2 friends and I squeezed into to one of the long cocktail tables and had a great time talking to a couple.
I got the brat. I've had better brat at outdoor bbqs. The German bun wasn't that good either.  Sauerkraut was decent.  The salad that came with it was good.  Service was excellent. I'll try something else next time
I have been here at least 8 times or more, the food is not that great, the food takes about 30-45 to get to the table after you order!! The NEW Raul and Theresa's on Mcdowell and Litchfield is GARBAGE!! I ordered the fish tacos and "I SWEAR TO GOD" I got food poisoning!!!!  Why my family comes here... I have no Clue!!! You will be disappointed!!!
I had to check out the place since it looked like a classic taco shack you'd find in Mexico.  Fish taco was no good, cactus taco was decent, pinto bean taco, meh.  Salsa could have changed the game, but it was blah as well.  I'd give it 4 for ambiance, but wouldn't go back.
Lauren is Awesome!  Her Studio is so cute.  My entire family, husband and kids have gone to her for 3 years and we all love the job she does on our hair!   Both cut and color, and she loves doing fun things if you want... she really listens to what you want and does it!   She also has more than one brand of color and knows what to use that is right for you, not just what she happens to have.  I get compliments on my color everywhere I go, that is beautiful, delicious even.... ;)  Give her a try!
It's overrated sloppy and greasy.
Hands down the best tomato, mozzarella sandwich I have ever had...even better than the real deal in Rome, Venice and Florence!
Great prices, just sized right portions with incredible flavors and the owner Justine makes it a lively festive experience. BYOB with no corking charge.
Just got back from our 5 day adventures in Phoenix and I must say the facility is pretty neat. I love it... I haven't really been to many conventions centers... matter of fact this was probably my first one ... I have only been on the outside of the SD one. Maybe I should go compare the two....

But the parking is very accessible, the facility is well maintained, clean, people are very helpful there and its HUGE!!! 

I looooooooooove the food choices in the center, although they were a little pricey, but it was well worth the buck. I hope to visit the PCC again for another event just to see how it is ran for a different event..

Great job on the architecture as well... very nice!!!
We come here for breakfast and its always pretty good.  The place is crazy busy on the weekends so expect a  wait but not to long.  Its pretty crowded and can be a little hectic.  The prices are great and the portions are huge.  Nothing fancy just a good place to get breakfast.
This is rather hard to do, but in good conscience I have to knock off a few stars from Liberty Market. 
The past two visits, I've had less-than-delish food and have been pretty disappointed in my old favorite.
The Italian Salad that I have loved since first bite, doesn't taste the same and doesn't taste as fresh (the greens, that is).
In addition, the soup that was pretty darned delish (minestrone) was watery, less-than-hot in temperature, and very tasteless.
The lovely lady that used to make salads has disappeared from the scene, and I am wondering if that is the reason that my Italian Salad doesn't take oh-so-fresh.
Perhaps this little lunchery is just getting too popular, and there are steps to reduce wait that are impeding the wonderful flavors of months gone by...
Whatever the reason, I'm sadly disappointed as of late in Liberty Market...
Very attentive service and very good food.  Also, I was impressed that the iced tea was nice and fresh.  So I am a dork and didn't try the steak or any of the beers.  I had a grilled cheese sandwich that was a gourmet masterpiece and every cheese lovers dream.  The sandwich came with a delicious tomato soup.  Also, split the artichoke crab dip.  It was good too.  I am looking forward to returning to try some beer and enjoy guy-watching.
Service was terrible. Waitress had no smile, was rude, unresponsive, and very slow. Never came back to check on order. Beer was warm, I told waitress, and she took it back, repaired the warm beer into a chilled glass, and brought it back half full. As I said, beer was warm, food was cold, and service was terrible. I left her a single penny for her tip, and she was not even worth that!!!!!!!!!!
I loved the vegetarian options here, including the Sweet Corn Cannelloni. That was amazing. I think there was white asparagus involved, but I can't be sure. Regardless, I think the prices are a bit high, but I'll put up with it for more of that amazing goodness. 

Love the atmosphere and comfy chairs as well. 

It's not often my husband and I can BOTH find a place we agree on. 

Visited twice, once when we first moved to AZ with my hubby's new co-workers, and once later as a family. Both times were great. 

I did not give it 5 stars because I think although service was adequate, it should have been better.
Loved the salsa bar with all kinds of fresh and unique salsas! Pecan, Jicama, Peanut, and Radish to name a few and I'm not usually a fan of tomatillo but it was really good. I had the steak and the black chicken mole tacos- the steak was on the dry side and lacked flavor but the salsa helped kick it up the few notches to where it needed to be. The space is small and tight, but with a cool modern Mexican decor. It looks like there is room to expand which I hope they get around to soon. We went for lunch and it was crowded and cramped. Service was good and attentive.
After driving from Lake Havasu to Phoenix, the bf and I were ravenous and wanted something big and breakfast-y.  Matt's Big Breakfast was the natural choice, and we didn't regret it, not one bit!

We arrived at 2pm, and the place closes at 2:30, according to the sign on the door.  Luckily, they let us eat.  I got the waffle and eggs ($6).  The waffle was possibly the best I'd ever had - big squares of Belgian waffle fluffiness.  The eggs, scrambled, were organic, and they made sure we knew it.  I appreciated this very much because I live in organic capital of the world.  Also on the side was a delicious, fresh thick-cut of bacon, perfectly peppered.

The bf had the salami scramble ($6.50), equally delicious, with authentic, not-out-of-the-bag salami.  These were thick chunks, and tasted wonderful in the softly scrambled eggs.

If I'm ever in this neck of the woods again, I'll be sure to stop by Matt's. Overall, a delicious breakfast experience for a steal!
No Cookies n Cream flavor? Automatic 2 star deduction. Otherwise it was good & I liked the discounts with Foursquare check in (10% off) & if you provide your cell # for an extra 6 cents off ea ounce.
This place has a cool vibe and an interesting concept. However, only plan on going here if you plan on having 2+ hours for dinner (had to wait an additional 30 minutes despite reservation) and don't go while you are super hungry (waiters were quite slow). The food is just mediocre for the price. . .and 2 out of 6 of our courses were quite bland. The dessert tasted like it was a store-bought sponge cake drizzled with some pineapples. I'm not interested in returning anytime soon.
Fantastic for Brunch!

The menu was enticing enough that we ordered a couple extra dishes for the table. I sampled six dishes in all and all of them were exceptional! Our party of four picky foodies all went home happy.

Besides great food they have a friendly, knowledgable staff, the music was pleasant, yet not overbearing and Robert McGrath even dropped by the table to say hi. 

Excellent.
I like Casey Moore's, it's a cool place, and a good option for lunch and late night. 

For lunch, the service typically takes forever. I've had 1.5-2 hour lunches because it's painfully slow. The food is pretty good and the drinks are strong.The best part of Casey Moore's is the vibe and the atmosphere. It's very laid back and a nice place to hang out.

I don't think it's the cleanest of places...One night I saw a cockroach in the tiled area between the bathrooms, which was nasty. There's definitely a dingy element to it, which isn't really my thing but maybe enhances the vibe.

It's worth checking out if you're in Tempe and tired of Mill.
Found this place when I yelped brunch places around the area I was driving in. We were driving around looking at furniture places. The reviews were good so my husband, daughter, mother-in-law, nephew, and I decided to try it out. 

The restaurant is a cute little place that is hidden in what appears to be a sort of industrial area. We felt like we struck gold. I ordered the daybreak which consisted of cinnamon French toast, eggs, and bacon. DELISH!! Everyone else said they really enjoyed their food as well. Our waiter was really nice and attentive. He even offered my 4 year old nephew a cookie as we left. 

I would definitely make the trip out to the area again for some yummy food!
I want to give this place two stars. It deserves two stars, HOWEVER, I have decided on 3 for the sheer fact of the sale of cheap tacos and cheap beer. 

I will be first to say that I strongly dislike the semi-douchey scene of Loco Patron, but what can one expect when they're in an OTSCO bar that is frequented by barely legal drinkers? So I set my thirty year old snobbery aside and went for some cheap tacos. When I walked in to what I thought was a restaurant, I was carded! WTF? There was a 7 year old kid munching on his taco, watching my carding go down. We locked eyes for a moment while the bouncer flashed his light on my ID, I think the child was mocking me. I was wondering why he was allowed in. Oh well. 

After that puzzling moment, I met the gang. While the conversation at the table was rousing, I couldn't help but notice the coke-ho dancing without any rhythm or to the music that was in her head at the bar in front of us. She was really working it too! I tore my eyes away from the train wreck to peruse the simple menu. I ordered off of the regular menu to get some shrimp tacos. They were pretty flavorful! I was rather surprised. I also ordered a steak taco off of the "Taco Tuesday" menu to try. Again, another pretty good, flavorful taco! The rice and beans were just alright. Nothing too amazing. 

I guess my overall impression is that Loco Patron is a great place to meet some friends if you're broke on a Tuesday and you're hungry and want a beer or two! I wouldn't rush back to visit this joint, but it would do in a pinch.
We were very happy we came. Went for dinner  last Saturday at 9 pm at the very strong recommendation of a friend who is a chef. 

I'd passed it for years and wondered if it was any good. I typically avoid Italian restaurants because they can't compete with what I and my friends can make at home. 

We were seated immediately and greeted by the chef-owner (who I think got whacked on the last season of the Sopranos) who checked on us and other diners throughout the night and had three appetizers, all well prepared. My wine snob buddy found something he liked and the cocktails were good & strong. 

Four of us dined and we were each very happy with our entrées which were "Sunday gravy", Joes Meatballs, Gnocchi in pesto and a fourth I can't remember. All but the famously large eater took food home from our large portions. Plenty of easy parking and a nice atmosphere with dark lighting in a simple, well maintained space. Dinner for 4 with 3 appetizers, a couple of cocktails, one bottle of wine and one huge slice of cheesecake was an affordable $200.00. Service was attentive and consistent, and the place seemed full of happy regulars. We will be back!
I just love this place. The ingredients are high quality, and the fresh grilled taste is amazing. The concept is simple - you load up a bowl with all the goodies you love (beef, chicken, celery, green peppers, noodles, etc...) and they grill it for you on the spot.

Large bowl with a drink and sides is only $9. This is one of the most healthy deals I have experienced for lunch.

Lucky for us there are several locations valleywide.
AMC, I'm being generous with 4 stars. Walking into you I'm reminded of the Ghost of Theatres Past, at time a hollow shell of her former majesty but occasionally buzzing with that certain energy only celluloid can produce.

Last night after work, I decided I simply must watch The Conjuring, so I walked over to AZ Ctr. A $5 movie experience is a tremendous value. Being one of five people in the entire theater pretty much ensures an enjoyable experience (i.e., no or limited talking by others).  While not the most comfortable seats, the arm rest go up and allow you to take over two or more seats. Clean bathrooms, though.

It's unfortunate in a city our size, with a university campus downtown, that this place gets so little traffic. The vacated box office and the abandoned snack counter make for a glum appearance. After my movie I encountered in the hallway the transient who was sitting in front of the theater watering down his dogs when I arrived. Kind of a surprise to see him with the dogs, but meh.
I've been to Frashers a few times. Each time the service has been great and the food wonderful! 

The steaks are great and I've never had a better pork chop then here. The pork chop is also thick and juicy. A real delight!

The roasted corn as a side is outstanding. If you like corn, that is a must side. I believe the corn is only offered seasonally though.

You can choose to eat in the dining room or in a little more casual setting in the bar area. Be warned there is TV on there with sports and ESPN. Needless to say, I don't get to sit in this area!

This is a perfect place for a nice dinner with friends/family or a romantic dinner with your significant other.
I'm a Bay Area transplant and have been looking for good Pho. I researched Yelp for months reading 100's of reviews. My fav is bun bo hue. This was the best I have ever had! The broth was full of flavor and it was loaded. I don't think I'll be going anywhere else but here for pho. =)
I highly totally recommend this place. The doc, a tall short hair gentleman, was professional and courteous. You could tell this was not his first rodeo, he knew what he was doing. The staff was nice and was able to get me in within a few days. I was in and out in less than 45 minutes. The Dr I saw told me "if you were my brother, I'd tell you that you don't need glasses, don't waste your money!" I was shocked. I was told 10 years ago that I do need glasses and had purchased a pair. This guy could have totally lied to me and taken my money, my insurance would have even paid for it, and he didn't! Hard to find honest people these days. I'll definitely be back if I ever need anything with my eyes again.

I couldn't be happier with this place. It's easy for a Dr in this field to make their money off people, telling them they "need" glasses etc. I don't know anything about eyes or prescription glasses.
With the end of the year coming and the realization that it'd been about 2 years since I'd been to the optometrist I made an appointment for an exam just in case.  I of course searched Yelp to see which place looked the best and Central Phoenix Eye Care was in the top ranks so I made my appointment with them.  When I called she let me know that all of the patient paperwork was available online to fill out and print to bring with you and save time, something I'm always a big fan of.

When I arrived the ladies at the front were very friendly and gave me one more form to fill out that wasn't available online so it wasn't something I'd missed, but it was short and didn't take long to fill out.  After a little bit someone came out and took me back to do the pre-exam tests with all the fun eye machines that look like arcade games.  After that it was into the exam room to wait for the doctor.  All the tests looked good and then it was onto the fun part, trying on different colors of colored contacts!

They were really patient and helpful with me, I tried a ton of different colors and I never felt rushed or like he was trying to get rid of me.  In fact he was suggesting more for me to try!  At the end of the appointment when I went to check out I was a bit taken aback by the total, I knew that I had a $15 copay so that's what I was expecting to pay but she quoted me $65.  Apparently there's a $50 fee for the exam for contact lenses, not a huge deal but I still wish they would have told me that ahead of time when they'd asked if I was interested in contacts or not.  Still everyone was friendly and I had a good experience.
Amazing pizza with even better wings. Try the 3 dip app as well. The pimento is also amazing. The staff is awesome and would definitely come back for more!!!
We like the Harkins theaters over the other around the Phoenix area.  All of them seem to be very well run. They are clean, and for the most part have good service and this one fits this bill.  The Harkins theaters offer some specials for reduced drinks and popcorn refills, just ask someone for the details. 

We came here to watch some local short films and we had an excellent time.  The movie theater was very accommodating and the short films were awesome to watch!  

The seats are huge and comfy and you can raise up the arm rest to get closer to the one beside you if you plan to watch something scary! All of the Harkins theaters are kid friendly and most if not all offer baby sitting while you watch a movie. It's great! 

Enjoy!
My friend took me for her favorite pizza around the area. It was delicious with a crispy thin crust, right amount of sauce. My half had pepperoni and onion.  I would have preferred a few more onions for the $2.00 per topping but the pepperoni was generous.  The waitress was efficient and refilled my ice tea 3 x's without asking. The place wasn't busy so the pizza came quickly. My friend and I split the Carmel toffee cheesecake that was divine. I would recommend this place and will go again.
This place is ALWAYS dead! The fullest I've ever seen it is every seat at the bar (roughly 20 seats) plus maybe a couple tables. The only reason I'm willing to come here is because I have stupid friends that like this place. The only positive is their "Street Tacos" that I like... Which are cheap.

Overall, this place is at the bottom of the fun list... If you get pulled here, get their "Street Tacos!"
Awesome food & drinks. Packed Friday night, I can see potential as good place to chill and meet peeps. 

I ended up just ordering bunch of appt and drinks since it was biz dinner, turned out perfect with portion of the food. 

It's tad noisy for biz lunch / dinner, but service was excellent and will come back again.
Didn't go for the food, went to celebrate a birthday tradition with 'da boot'!
This place was awesome! You felt like you were at a friends house letting loose while dancing to the live music from the awesome band. 
The atmosphere was low key with cool people which we really liked.
The bar was small, but they have a big section that turns into a dance floor, with some comfy cushion I might add.

We will be back next year, so bring on 'da boot'
I once was a faithful patron of this purveyor of the 'California Greek' experience but I've since tucked it away in the "meh" folder.  Here's why.

- The pita points program is an affront to loyalty programs.  200 points to get a measly $10 back?  Seriously?
- The price.  It keeps creeping up and up.  When a pita lunch at a QSR establishment passes the $10 barrier you know its time to explore your options.  
- The pita.  It is dry and bordering on insipid.

The food is still decent but the execution of this concept has lost its way.
This is where my indoor soccer teams plays. All they do is indoor soccer. There are leagues for little kids, on up to over 30s, co-ed and women-only. 

The facility itself is pretty old and worn out, but it does the job. There's a gallery above the main field, where friends and family can watch the game. There is also a soccer gear shop, and a snack bar that serves beer (cheap!)
I went on Thursday which is Kareoke night loud and drinks are 1/2 price. Food isn't any good though
BIG PICTURE: sub-par
awful decor (cheap Ikea) and even worse music (Taylor Swfit techno remix)

Food: everything I've ever had here was really good. Including the "go green" martini that the waitress insisted I would not like...weird. it's my favorite summer drink. The rosemary thyme fries are...DIE! 

Service, kinda sucks, especially when the waiter removes your plate before you have a chance to steal the silverware in your to-go box. 

stereotypical gay guys love this place though. I mean c'mon they have like every martini imaginable and it's really clean.
If you live or work in the  Arcadia area and you like frozen yogurt or shaved ice, you have to check this place out!  It's self serve which means you pay per ounce so you can get as much or as little as you like.  They have an excellent selection of flavors and toppings too!  Ask the owner what he suggests and he'll give you a quick lesson on how to make a perfect shaved ice (which includes frozen yogurt).   My favorite right now is the Very Berry Sorbet combined with the Orange Sorbet and topped with Fruity Pebbles cereal...truly amazing.  The owner and his cousin are AZ natives and have a good thing going here.  Check it out one of these HOT summer days....you won't be disappointed.
Good location, lots of parking and lots of space.  Even a little play area for the kiddos.  

I much prefer eating in because there is nothing better than a cheese pizza fresh out of the oven.  WOW.  Having to wait to eat it at home any pizza will lose that oven fresh perfection.

The wings are great and the pizza is pretty darn good, too.  They go a little heavy on the pizza sauce for my taste, but I will just remember to ask for light sauce next time.

The place is always busy on the weekends.  And expect to run into teams celebrating a win or licking their wounds for a loss.  But it is still a great atmosphere. And one I am hesitant to take my kid into.
The food is just so darn good here and the ambience is pretty fun as well. Delicious schnitzels, sausages, wursts, and the roulade - ridiculously good. Our server was cheerful and helpful - thanks for the advice on the Kilometer sausages (best ever!) The beer was ice cold and the oompah music was a blast as well. Can't imagine a better place for German food.
This is the 2nd time I used Delia's......the place is clean, the staff is friendly....but the prices are out of this world, even with a coupon.   I had one shirt washed and pressed and two pairs of pants dry cleaned and it came to just under $14.00....at my old cleaners in Tempe this order would have been $8/9 dollars with the same quality.
I need to find another dry cleaner closer to Shea and 90th with better pricing.....or make a short drive to Tempe.
if you want a a perfect gem that has all walks of life coming together around a local dive bar that is funky fresh MONKEY PANTS is the place for you! 
Wednesdays never fails hilarious karaoke is always a riot, the drink specails are great too! 
during day light hours it looks like nothing special but stop by the place around 10:45pm and its a a local spot filled with hipsters and tons of other people just down for a good time. 
from 21- 65 perfect for all ages to just enjoy life and have a good laugh around at the live entertainment, hope to see you on wednesday night!
My mom and I stopped in here after a day of power shopping.  She swears by the fish tacos here (*sigh* she has never been to Wahoo's . . .).
Service?  Inattentive, though friendly.  I hate to give a bad review to a nice server, but I also hate getting to the bottom of my water glass without a refill.
Food?  Fish tacos were tasty - but the best part about them was the dipping sauce.  We also had little grilled shrimp with guacamole on corn chips - yum.  These were super satisfying!
Drinks?  I had the pomegranate-ginger margarita, and I think it was my fault for making a bad choice.  It wasn't super-special, but I would be willing to go back and try another marg.
Overall impression?  My knife wasn't clean, that is never a good thing.  Apparently people were smoking in the bar, which you can smell throughout the entire restaurant - gross.  The servers seemed less than thrilled to be at work, and that really comes across and makes your guests feel uncomfortable.  All in all, it really came across as a southwestern Applebee's to me.  OK, ok, maybe a bit better than that, but not great.  
3 stars for the yummy shrimp appetizer and the decent fish tacos.
When someone told me about Ariana's Kabob and Gyros, I was very excited to have an Afghan restaurant in East Mesa, so close to my work and home. Maybe, this excitement was what kept me coming back after my first bizarre visit and two more mediocre lunch visits.

I'm glad I kept coming back, because this last visit was a winner! I walked in today and told them, "I want to try something on your menu that is Afghan and packs a punch of flavor." I believe he took this as a challenge, and recommended the Quorma Sabze with Beef. I added on an order of Bolani, which I'd had before, but wanted to give a second try.

While waiting for the orders, I received some Hummus and Pita. The hummus was tangy and flavorful, though not as smooth as it could have been.

It took a bit longer than it should have to receive the Bolani, considering I was the only person in the cafe, but it was worth the wait. Now I've had Bolani before. I've even had it before at Ariana's, but this was leagues better than the last one I tried here. The dough was thinner and crisped up nicely, and the filling was packed full of flavor. Lots of onion, scallion, leek, cilantro and potatoes to glue it all together. It was served with a Green Chutney, which tasted extremely fresh and acidic, and also a yogurt sauce which had some of the chutney mixed into it.

Shortly after the Bolani arrived, the Quorma made it to the table. I'm a bit suspicious that this was the Quorma Sabze we had talked about, because that dish is supposed to feature spinach and herbs, but this dish was very tasty. The beef, cauliflower and chickpeas were cooked in a loose, sweet onion based tomato sauce that had a peppery finish. The rice was cooked well and the chickpeas were tender, but the beef was a little tough for my liking. Even with that minor complaint, I would order this dish again.

I feel like Ariana's is finally starting to hit their groove. If they can iron out the dining experience a bit more, they'll be much better off than they are. The layout of the restaurant is confusing. There is a large menu board in the back, no one to greet you when you walk in, one solitary color menu and the rest bad blurry black and white copies. I feel like the crew at Ariana's should embrace the flavor-filled Afghan cuisine, and guide diners enthusiastically to try it. I know I'm eager to go back and try more.

Full review available at  http://forkvsfood.com/?p=69
Kind of hard to find. Definitely not much seating. But the food is amazing! That's what matters most, right? The service when I was there was really good too. This is a great place to eat!
The food is amazing.  If you've eaten at another Bianco restaurant, imagine that.... only better, with more options.

The service is not great.  Slow, they forget things, etc.

The portions are SMALL.

We went on a Saturday night and had our choice of inside or outside table with no waiting... so I think that issue is sort of hit or miss.
I enjoyed eating here. I had a chicken salad sandwich which was good, but I am very picky about CS and I know where the best in America is. It would really take a lot for me to give it "the bomb" rating that another Yelper said. it was good though,  The bread was delish, the cookie even better. A trail mix cookie- Hello! Yummers. My friend got the Southwest salad and she said it was one of the best salads she ever had. They do not overload it with things. I admit I have the same issues with American restaurants too. Way to much food. Here they seem to have the portions just right,  The staff were outstanding too. I would really like to go back and try some of the dishes I saw other people eating there. I loved the lady who served us. She is a delight! Oh BTW the Couscous here is to die for!
1st visit to Smashburger after my wife suggested trying it. Very pleased. The food was great, it was clean with a great atmosphere. Will be back many times for sure.
This became one of my regular spots, after starting at Furio's.

Stiff drinks = yummy

It's a good place to go to, to get away from the more well-known places like Six, Suede, PCL, etc....cuz let's be honest, those places are fun every once in awhile.....

Don't stress...this place is kick back...check it out.
FIRE!!!! That is what my mouth felt like after eating here.
It is not too often that I ask to speak to the manager about the service, but our waiter Tony provided the best service that I have had in a long time. The guacamole made table side was fantastic and the house margaritas were awesome. The entire experience was excellent.
The breakfast was absolutely delicious and the service was impeccable. Best. Diner. Ever.
My wife and I ate here last night and were extremly happy. We started with drinks at the bar, which started the night out perfectlly, then we had an appetizaer, which was a tower of cheese ( a sculpture of grilled cheese, like the hard grilled cheese on the sides of a grilled cheese sandwich). I had the tacos, they may be small, but they were packed by taste. My wife had the fish of the day, and that day it was halibut, my wife said it was the best fish she ever had. The service was great, overall a great smalll place to eat.
This Jack in the Box is sub par even for JitB's.  The line is usually slow and the placement in the parking lot makes it accessible only if you're traveling East on Bell; otherwise it's a lot of parking lot to work through to get to it.  You gotta really want JitB.
Absolutely wonderful! Won't go anywhere else! Thanks guys!!!
What a wonderful place to eat and celebrate a special occasion.  Excellent wait staff and beautiful decor, in addition to amazing food.
Best Hong Kong Dining is the most authentic Chinese food I've found in the Phoenix area so far... in a restaurant anyway.  It's a chop shop... meaning you can eat at their restaurant or buy meat by the pound and they'll 'chop' it up for you.  You can often hear the sound of their cleaver working... chopchopchopchop. lol  It's reassuring to me.  It's sounding out authentic Chinese bbq pork, duck, etc.  

That being said, I haven't ordered out of the chop shop yet.  They have my favorite Chinese dish, cod (or random fish filet) in black bean sauce.  It is delicious here... fresh and sure to please any fish lovers pallet.  

I'll definitely be back and though it's not a fancy place for a 1st date, I'd take a group of friends here.

See ya there!
My sweet lord, The Betos!  I have had just about every item on the menu (except for maybe the shrimp, I mean I'm not insane) and this place just delivers time and time and time again.  It's my first stop whenever I travel back to Arizona.  The absurdly delicious breakfast burritos, the shredded beef tacos with roughly 78,000 grams of fat per serving, steak supreme nachos which weigh about 3 pounds, cheese enchilidas...this place has it all, and open 24/7 to boot.  The staff is friendly, fast, and helpful, so be a pal and don't be shy about dropping a dollar in the tip jar, these guys earn it.
Several members of my family and friends are completely obsessed with this place.  Ob. Sessed.  

And so - I go.  

Ya walk in, pay the lady and pick your drink.  Someone leads you to a table.  Shortly someone will be over with plates and rolls.  At that point - the feeding begins.  And when it ends is all up to you.  As long as you're there they'll keep bringing on the plates and more of their really good warm rolls with honeybutter.  Their steaks are surprisingly good.  You walk up to the window and tell the guy how you want yours cooked - he pokes around at a few and hands you a steak.  There are sauteed mushrooms and onions on the side for you to serve yourself.  Nice.  

To give you an idea of the variety and the general immenseness of the place, I'm going to name of just a few of the things I saw there on just our last visit: BBQ Beef w/ opt Buns on the side, Tacos, Black-eyed peas, fried okra, pork & potatoes, steak, spinach salad, mixed green salad, chicken salad, fruit salad, ice milk, brownies, cookies, cakes, blueberry pie, bread pudding, chocolate pudding, cottage cheese, fresh melon (you can see them cutting it putting fresh stuff into containers), Fried clams, Fried shrimp, fried rice, fried chicken, mashed potatoes, and several soups.  It's so much larger than that sounds.

Servers are great at  offering new plates (dang food pushers) and refilling your drinks.  The place is also surprisingly clean.  It's nice to be able to see so much going on behind the counters - slicing the fruit, mixing things in bowls, decorating the cakes - it's all done right there where it's visible to everyone.  I've been told several locations out of state are much larger than this one - but I certainly can't imagine the need.  

For about $10 a pop it is quite a deal for a great range of food that actually tastes good.  Come hungry.
Yuck. Found a foreign object in my fountain soda. Strange flavors in the food. Very spendy.
The decor has changed slightly since the Food Bar was in operation here.  I did like the openness that they have created and the fact that now I can sit, order from a menu.  Of course with any new endeavor, there are ideas that may work and concepts that don't.  For instance, the idea of changing a classic French Onion Soup recipe, leave it alone, add salt, the prerequisite cheese (not the style that Metro added).  
The service was attentive, but awkward (the logo company was still applying the lettering to the doors and windows), so maybe she was nervous and distracted?  I also ordered a field green salad with chicken and she said "It doesn't come with chicken."  So pointing to the menu (3 or 4$ charge to add chicken), " It's printed here."  She replied, " Oh, I learned something new today." 
Like I said, new endeavors take time to cultivate and grow.  I will be back  -  enjoying a lunch on the patio, with an order of oysters from the raw bar, a glass of wine, and time to soak it all in.   Everyone deserves a second chance.
I have been subscribing now for a few months and have been completely delighted with the produce that has been delivered. This morning along with my normal order was the homemade pecan cinnamon bread that I ordered.  This was also a great treat! Highly recommend ordering your fruit and veggies from Nature's Garden!
It hits the spot every single time. I love that I can always expect my food to be hot. Menu is simple and  there's a secret not so secret menu, which is not complicated just not on the board. 
Is a must for all of my East Coast friends to go to In-N-Out when they visit. Usually when they step out of the plane:)
Bring back the Dirty Blonde! The ale, that is. That is a delicious beer- light without being watered down or too hoppy.

I'm really happy that there's a new brewery in town! I think this place has really got a chance at making it, as they offer so much more than just beer. The food menu is good- they had a grilled cheese and pork belly sandwich on their lunch menu that was so tasty. I like the fact they have a nice little patio to enjoy the good weather, too.

From a family standpoint, I wouldn't have any problem bringing my in-laws or friends with small children here. There are PLENTY of high chairs for little ones and even a kid's menu.

The only piece of advice I have for the owners is to bring back the Dirty Blonde- that will be a big hit with the ladies come summertime.
Acacia Cafe is, apparently, closed on Sundays. Luckily, Mama Java's is in the same complex so I took my friend to it due to remembering the reviews were positive. The cafe is warm and inviting and we went straight to the eggs speciasl-better luck before 2pm on weekends, folks. The display case had danishes, muffins, bagels and an odd exhibit of bowls with raisin bran already poured into  just ready for milk, I suppose? I went for the potato knish, which was way over priced at 3.25 and since a sign on the sandwich board said "For 50 cents add tomato or cucumber to your bagel...or whatever", I added what were light pink unappealing tomato slices. I ordered a Cafe Mocha soy...and he charged me 50 cents for the soy (ERRRRRR). I wanted at least a fruit cup but there was only a bowl of some bananas, an apple and an orange for the fruit options. My total was like almost 8 bucks-I could have had a full breakfast and coffee at Wildflower Bakery for that amount! The cafe person warned me my knish may be too "peppery". My friend was so hungry she got the ham and cheese sandwich...made with american cheese. No fruit, chips, whatever and a coffee. We sat by the window and perused the lackluster books for browsing (1989 travel guides to Portugal, anyone?) although we did end up on the sofa laughing at Garfield books someone had left. 

The prices and quality of food were absurd and I hate being charged 50 cents for soy milk aka the lactose intolerance tax. And since most people are quiet doing work, I felt strange shootin' the shit like we may be annoying people. I don't think I will be back anytime soon.
I love the cheese rolls and seafood pasta.
This is generally a good place to go for a nice ladies type lunch. They have lady-fare with sandwiches, soups, and salads. Men get dragged here from time to time, but when you go in, it's mostly the ladies who are here cackling like hens in the hen house. And that's not necessarily a bad thing. My favorite is the chicken walnut salad sandwich. I get it on a croissant rather than the dark grain bread. 

This visit though, I came for breakfast. I've had their bagels and muffins but this time I ordered a vegetarian omelet. This came with fresh fruit, toast, and I ordered orange juice. The juice was fresh squeezed and it was delish. The fresh fruit was nice as well. The omelet...not so much. 

It was a good sized omelet with a squeeze of sour cream on it and some feta inside. It appeared well made with the right fold to it. I cut in and that's when the disappointment began.  When you order a vegetarian omelet...you expect veggies. This omelet had diced tomatoes and broccoli. That's it. Now I know that Paradise Bakery has more veggies than just that so I was moderately disappointed about that. Yes broccoli and tomatoes are veggies (well tomatoes are a fruit, but I digress) but if you call something a vegetarian omelet, PUT MORE THAN 2 VEGETABLES IN IT! 

What made me put out though was the fact that the broccoli was raw. It wasn't even remotely cooked and it was only slightly warmed by being wrapped up in egg which means that the broccoli was tossed on top of the egg which was then folded over to make the omelet shape. This means that the diced tomatoes were also raw as well. Not good.  So, I bring this to the attention of one of the service people who is nearby cleaning tables. They seem confused by what the problem is. I'm trying to explain about cross contamination, etc but it's clearly not part of the vocabulary of this person. So then I speak to the manager.  He at first argues with me that the broccoli is just al-dente. Now, I am a trained chef. I know the difference between al-dente and raw.  How he could even make that claim was beyond me because you could tell by looking at the broccoli that it was raw. I make him taste it. It's then he agrees that it was raw. We discuss cross contamination, safe food handling...He then just says well that's how we do it here. I see this conversation is going no where. I set my fork down, thank him for his time and tell him I am not interested in eating this omelet any longer. He offers not a refund, not a new omelet, nothing. 

I like PB for their sandwiches and soups but now that I know how they handle food at breakfast, I'm probably not going to go back there for lunch. They are an massive diarrhea episode waiting to happen and I don't have time in my life to risk that chance. So based on the raw food and the manager's inability to satisfy a customer, 1 star. And that's generous.
Tri tip  is very good  !!!! Hot tortillas!!
Really good Chinese food in Arizona is very hard to find.  Being from NYC, I've heard native Arizonans and mid-westerners say how good certain Chinese food restaurants are and go to it only to find that it's mediocre at best, with food being absolutely tasteless.  Not so for Jade Palace.  The food is absolutely wonderful!  I've tried many dishes and have not been disappointed once.  The house egg foo young is second to none and it's always difficult to not order it and try something else.  My wife is a vegetarian and loves anything with tofu here.  I have a niece from the east coast who insists that the chicken and broccoli is first rate.  Nothing is oily or tasteless, as has been the case with other Chinese restaurants that I've tried in the Phoenix metropolitan valley, nor is anything overly salty or over-cooked.  The wait staff is professional, knowledgeable and friendly, and the maitre d (or owner, not sure which) comes around to make sure everything is exactly as you'd like it to be, making you feel like a regular.  Very nice touch.  Prices vary from moderate to slightly expensive, but it's all worth it.  We love the outdoor patio year round (heat lamps in the winter, misters in the summer) and very much enjoy the landscaped pond as well as the colorful, festive view of the outdoor patio of Jalapeno Inferno across the way.
Pussycat was great they treated us real good.  the DJ Rocked the house.   Got to talking and he said he might be playing the Underground in Chicago and various dates.  The staff were all friendly.  Love Bottle service... they  bounced people out for us and got us a slick table with a great location.  You really do have to pay if you want to play!  Then we rocked the house until it closed...sexy women and men every where!  4 stars for size... smaller place.  we shouldn't have had to bounce anyone!
I will be upfront in saying that I have worked for the Arizona Science Center as a Summer Camp Instructor, so my review may be biased.

The ASC has a beautiful facility. True, some of the exhibits are better than others, but each exhibit has a goal of education in mind. I've found that children get the most out of the ASC when their accompanying adult takes the time to talk to them about what they are experiencing (even if it means reading the sign next to the display), rather than just letting the kid run around like a maniac. The ASC also has an awesome planetarium which is definitely worth checking out, along with the IMAX theater.

I most recently visited the ASC for their educator preview of Body Worlds. The Body Worlds exhibit alone is worth visiting the Arizona Science Center, if only to open your mind to the complexity of your body. (Don't be ignorant! Learn something for a change!)

What makes the ASC so great in my opinion is what they do for continuing science education. Have you ever had the opportunity to take a course at the ASC? Or a summer camp? The Arizona Science Center goes out of its way to make it an incredible learning experience for you or your child. They have rooms in their basement packed full with science equipment, alongside other enormous rooms where they build the next exhibit. ASC's goal is to educate Phoenix (children and adults) about science and nature. This means that the Arizona Science Center will continue to grow and prosper as Phoenix does - therefore we can only look forward to bigger and better things!
I have only eaten here once, but i cannot wait to go back! the service was phenomenal, the potstickers huge and delicious! the orange beef - just as good as a pf changs!  I had a restaurant.com coupon, purchased $10 gift card for .80 cents!  Highly recommend!
This place is AMAZING!!! I have had Pizzeria Bianco and really feel like this was better!!!! The service was excellent and that wait was not bad at all.  I love taking people who haven't been here!!!!
Look forward to eating here each and every time!!!
Paul asked where I would like to go for my birthday dinner.  I wanted something meatless.  He started a search while I prepared for a night out. 

To my surprise he found Pita Jungle one of my favorites.  I totally forgot about this place!  It was a lunch venture with co workers and I was excited to bring Paul.   He would be a virgin at P.J.  

The menu has enough to satisfy anyone.   Copy the link if you don't believe me! http://www.pitajungle.com/index.cfm/menu/menuType/1  You can even order it to go.

We sat in a corner near a window.  There was no time to stare out the window and dream about how wonderful the food would be. Because our waiter was there to provide us with our menus asking if we were new to their establishment and offered to bring us something to drink.  Paul ordered a Red Stripe and I asked for water.   They do have a variety of beers and wines available.  

Paul was in awe at how many menu choices they provided.  There are appetizers, salads, pitas, burgers and wood fire pizzas plus a la carte items, combination platters, featured specials and smoothies!  Oh my!  We shared the Mediterranean platter.  I ordered additionally the spanakopita and Paul ordered the pesto pizza.  

The Mediterranean platter is a combination of hummus, baba ganoosh, tsatziki, taboule, feta cheese, dolmades, falafel and green beans with two pitas. The pita is very large and the platter was plentiful.  I wrapped the dolmades in the warm bread and tore off another piece and dove into the hummus and boba ganoosh.  And we both laughed thinking about Elaine, George and Jerry in that Seinfeld episode.  The hummus is favorful with a hint of garlic and the boba ganoosh is smooth.  The taboule is crisp, clean and fresh.  The falafel is warm, crunchy and not oily - the way a falafel is supposed to be.  (I wouldn't say it resembles a hockey puck.)  The tsatziki is creamy with just enough cucumber.  Honestly the only thing that we thought undesirable is the green beans on this platter.  

The spanakopita is layers of crisp fillo dough that is stuffed with fresh spinach and feta cheese.  It is a baked pie, if you will.  The fillo dough is a golden brown, the feta is a muddle of salty stickiness and the spinach is warm and lovely.  Yummy!!  I offered to share although I really wasn't wanting to.  I thought to myself, "This is my birthday cake!"

Then Paul's wood fired pizza arrived.  I am full and cannot even think to have more to eat!  Paul pulled one slice of the pesto pizza and said, "Wow!  That is really good!"  Followed by, "I would like to come back again and I will take this home for a snack for later!"

Once again to his disbelief, I have proven that there is good food in Arizona.  Please go to Pita Jungle.  It's busy all the time; so if a quiet meal is what you are looking for...beware it is noisy.  The wait staff is ready to serve you and the kitchen staff is fast!

Our bill was less than $30 including tip.  Very affordable after 6 pm for dinner.  Check out their Happy Hour!  Totally worth it for a virgin P.J.

Happy Eating!
My favorite piercing place! Ill never go anywhere else. Don't pass this place up  :))
I went here last week, and saw Jerry. He is so very nice! He did a great job with my piercings, as well as with my friends. The place I had pierced was pierced before, he was able to still do the piercing but not through the old scar tissue. Sure, it hurt.. but what piercing doesn't?! I felt so comfortable, and I'm very happy with the result! 
Thanks so much Jerry!!! I'm sorry my friend was a chicken  ;)
I was a regular here before I left AZ.  Awesome staff...

Great food.  Get the Gnocchi.  It's great.  I get it with light sauce as it's a bit "heavy"... but it's fantastic none the less.
Fantastic pizza, loads of screens to watch the footy. It was a bit quite, but guess it was just after Christmas. Patio is right in the sun and the service was good. Will go again.
I absolutely loved the flatbread pizza. Very good. I was a little disappointed with the beer though. I had the orange blossom and the orange pail. I'm not sure exactly what it was but they just seemed very hoppy or strong, but not in a good way. They were good but not great. But just my opinion. Can't wait to see the outside once they are done renovating it. It was closed last week.
Played here a couple times, most recently this past weekend. The course is always in good shape when I've been out there and it is challenging with the desert being in play throughout the course.

The driving range gives you a great view of Northeast Scottsdale while you're warming up and you get just about the same great view off of the #10 tee. The course is challenging enough for most people as you're playing with desert on a lot of holes. 

The negative is that it is a tad annoying playing amongst the string of power lines that are placed along the outskirts of the course. It just makes for an awkward appearance and when you're trying to line up your shot, that numbing buzz of the electricity can be an unwelcome distraction.

Is this a great course? In my opinion, no. There are far better ones around the Valley that you can go and play. But, I recommend playing here if you haven't before and you're looking for a new track in NE Scottsdale.
I like the fact the food came out so fast once ordered! & especially during the lunch hour! Staff was friendly & helpful. The & lunch specials were good portions & great price!
Let me start by admitting I'm FAR from a sushi aficionado. In fact, I'll only eat California rolls because I'm scared to try anything else.  A huge craving for teriyaki chicken led us here. We were really impressed with the cleanliness of the restaurant and especially the restrooms. The customer service was awesome as well.  We had the happy hour special which was only $8 and included 2 items and soup or salad. The miso soup was satisfying, the teriyaki chicken was really delicious and hit the spot. The California rolls, in my opinion, were fresh-tasting and delicious. For under $20 for two we left really happy and definitely plan to return. I'll be excited to try a Bento box on the next visit.
I just discovered this neighborhood gem and it is a fun new addition. The color coded plate system, affordable prices, grab and go conveyor system and sushi description sheet make this the perfect starter place for sushi newbies. I brought a raw-phobic sushi virgin and she loved it, because she was able to tell from the description card which selections were made with raw fish so she could stick to the veggie and cooked options.

 It might not be the best sushi on the planet but it is deffinitely the best sushi deal! It is also a quick and affordable lunch option because you don't have to wait for  a server.

Oh, just a word of warning. If you accidentally grab a bowl of edamame beans and it slips out of your hand and spills all over the conveyor belt and gets stuck in the cracks of the track when it gets to the corner and the track jams and the plates start stacking up you should scoop them up like Lucy at a chocolate factory before the whole train derails and everyone notices. On the plus side you will enjoy the wide variety of dishes that pass by during the rest of your meal with edamame garnish on the side. I mean when is the last time you saw cream puffs with edamame?
(Let me preface this review by saying that, being from Houston, I'm accustomed to eating authentic salsa, tacos, tamales, etc. My taste for Mexican food is most likely biased to a certain method or seasoning used around here.) 

My waitress was quick to take my drink order once I was seated, and was attentive and sweet. I drank a "Blue Amigo", their house marg that is $2.50 all day every day. It was a bit sweet for my taste, but still okay. 

Chips were great, but their "salsa" is what I know as pico de gallo. Luckily, I love pico, so it was all good. 

On to the food - I ordered the Número Tres, which is 2 beef or chicken tacos (I chose beef), rice, beans, and a cheese enchilada. First impression...this place makes a mean cheese enchilada. Like, GOOOOD. Their red gravy was probably the best I've ever had. Rice, delicious. Refried beans, amazing. Beef tacos...yuck. I can't help but think that the beef in these tacos tasted like dog food smells. It was more of a shredded beef...bland...and just had an overall odd taste. I only ate about 3/4 of a taco and called it a night. I'm used to well-seasoned ground beef tacos, and these were just bizarre, in my opinion. 

Overall, great place! I would visit again next time I'm in Phoenix, bull I'll probably stay away from the beef.
I have only visited the DC Ranch location of this place, but, needless to say, i love it. From the excellent coffee to the creative food to the delicious bakery to the cute decor, I love it all. The food is new american with an emphasis on fresh ingredients and local foodstuffs. Lunch and brunch are the main meals, and everything I have tried has been wonderful. My husband loves the rosemary steak sandwich and I love the corn and goat cheese flat bread. We both enjoy the sweet potato chips with curry and the chicken chili. And, no herb box trip is complete w/o a trip to the bakery, where the raspberry crumble bars are outstanding. The caramel apple bars are also wonderful and hit just the right tart-salty-sweet note.
Nothing bundt fantastic!
WOW! I had such an amazing experience here last night...

I had finished some shopping and recognized the name on the sign from a yelp review I had checked out just a few days earlier.  I wasn't sure if I was in a salad mood, but the scenario was way too serendipitous to pass up.  I was a little confused upon entering on where to start, but one of the servers showed me the ropes.  He was so sweet.  I loaded up on salad!  Wonderful selection of toppings.  After that I hit up the soup bar, pizza and desert only taking a little of each.  All of this for $11? Thank you God! I wish I could eat a lot because I would tear this place up!  

The servers were really kind always checking to see if I was finding everything ok.  I haven't been this catered to in a buffet ever!  Abraham is such a sweetheart!  Be sure to tip before you leave, they work hard up in there!   I can't wait to take my NY friends here when they come visit!
I have been coming to Imagination Avenue for the last 5 years or so; since my oldest (now almost 6) was toddling around). My kids love it every time we go. It is a bit on the higher end for pricing, but the type of space it is (imaginative play) is much more interactive, you can bring in your own food so long stays are really possible, and the ability for babies to toddlers to school aged children to all play in the same location and all be excited and happy to do so makes it totally worth it in my opinion. I do wish the gated baby area was a see through wall like it was in its previous incarnation, but it's nice to have a gated area for the babies! I love to support local businesses, too - you can't beat a family owned business for their kindness and customer service. Tim was so kind and welcoming each time we have seen him; and Aurora (one employee's daughter) was a joy to have there and my kids loved seeing her! I can't wait to see the cafe renovations! I would love to see more boy/larger size dress up clothes, but I am sure that more is to come. :) It can get busy, just like any awesome indoor play area does, especially around 10 am -12 pm. Best time to come is in the afternoon. Every time we have come in the afternoon, we've had the place to ourselves. So make it a special night out with your kids - bring a picnic dinner and make some amazing memories.
Simply fantastic all the way around. Incredible service backed up by innovative food and drink ideas. I have had shrimp and grits before (a favorite on Bravo's Top Chef). Citizen Public house simply substituted scallops for the shrimp and it turned out great. For desert I had milk and cookies. No kidding.  I've not had milk and cookies since I was a kid, and it was all that I remembered it to be. The cookies were an assortment of gourmet locally made gems so whatever type of cookie you remember from your childhood, it's probably represented here.  Some soft, some a bit on the hard side, which needed a little longer soak. 

There are some great new cocktail ideas on the bar menu as well as some old classics that they manage to pull off quite well. All in all, CPH is a great restaurant.
We enjoy going to this theater and the folks are always friendly and provide great service!  We have always had a great experience and enjoy going to this location.  Would recommend purchasing a loyalty cup to keep your cost down.
I have been taking my little Maverick to this Banfield location since October 2012.  I have been to a few Banfield locations before in AZ and FL with my other pups and these doctors, are hands down amazing.  I do have a Wellness Membership, and I think it is well worth it.  It includes all of the puppy shots, free office visits, neuter, etc.  The vets are great!!  Many other locations I have been to, yes, I have experienced plenty of times when the doctors will tell you everything to scare you into purchasing all this stuff for your pet.  Not here!  I asked our vet if I could get some not urgent medication for my puppy and he told me where to go to get it for half the price than what they sell it for.  Maverick has gotten neutered here and had 8 teeth pulled at the same time, Dr. Organek (she was fabulous!!), called me every couple hours with up to date details on everything and it was not as expensive as I thought it would be.  I know a few other people that have been to the other vets in the area and I was told it would cost me hundreds and hundreds of dollars.  Her assistant Leo did a great job explaining the medication to me.  So impressed with the staff here..!  Thank you again.
Dr Stewart and her staff were wonderful with my 14 yr old shih tzu who went in for his first teeth cleaning and then 5 extractions!  Their professionalism and friendly staff put me at ease for this procedure and my little guy did great!!  From the super clean facility to the compassion from everyone I knew that he was in good hands.  Thank you again for putting my worries at ease and giving me more healthy years with our beloved KC!!!
Wow! Can you say pampered? 

Beautifully decorated inside to out. Nine pools that are 24 hours, which makes it a 5 star easily. The only thing that counters the 5 star review that makes me go back between 4 and 5 stars... is... NO WIFI? Apparently some rooms have it, and some don't. But for such a high class place with so many business guests, no wifi? It does seem a little ridiculous. But all the goods outweigh the bad (it's hard to find a 24 hour pool anywhere, let alone 9 24 hour pools). 

The staff here go out of their way to be helpful. Very accommodating, very friendly, very available. Can't really ask for more... and I speak of the concierges and what I believe are managers that wander around helping guests. 

I would like to see more knowledgeable bartenders. I guess in such a nice hotel I'd expect a little older/experience bartenders as well as maybe valets. They were all really nice but it didn't really suit the rest of the hotel. But the patio that overlooks the pools is unreal, so nice to have a drink as the sun sets. 

The cactus garden is really cool. Definitely worth taking a stroll through. Convenient parking.  

We went to the Il Terrazo (sp?) and the staff was really friendly. The food was really good but pricy. 

The rooms are very nice, turndown service is a nice touch. The hotel is stocked with all the things you'd need for a stay - shampoo, conditioner (not the combined all in 1 that I loathe), q-tips, bath wash, body wash, shower caps, face pads, slippers, bath robe, soaps, mini bar (they even have a wine opener!). If you are coming from outside of AZ, bring your own water. The tap water isn't the best. 

The have a bath tub and a nice walk in shower as well so you can bath how you like. The order in movies are a little pricey, they have flat screens but no DVD players. Room service is over priced, with a 22% gratuity automatically added and a $5 or something charge. 

The good thing is it's in Scottsdale, near a lot of awesome places to see in Arizona!
My husband and I went in for a 1 buzz and a bang trim. It's hard to mess up a buzz so my husband is fine but my bangs are a crying shame. She hardly wet them down even though I has them pulled to the side do the length. They're crooked and there are multiple stands that are too long. I had to fix them myself with kitchen scissors before I would leave the house. It's a shame. This location is usually pretty good.
Fabulous place to stay but way out from the traditional places of Scottsdale. All suites with 100 plus sq ft patio. Walk in closet, large bathroom with separate soak tub, shower, and vanity. Southwest décor, with similar pieces throughout the public spaces anchoring it all together.  The sleeping area provides a HDTV, comfortable bed with down comforters, desk area, overhead fan, and a gas fireplace with a sitting area for two. An ihome is available to dock you iPod. Walk in closet, with iron/board, toaster, serving board, additional folding table, safe (at a fee), house slippers, shoe horn, and plenty of shelving. The bathroom provides a dual vanity, 2 robes, attached illuminated vanity mirror, and usually soaps/shampoo/conditioner/lotion. The desk area provides wired and wireless connection for $10/$15 per day depending on speed selection. The patio has a table with two chairs and utilizes a wall mounted lamp and table candles for illumination. 

The suites are separated in sections 8 +/- per section with a separate assigned ice machine and laundry room. Detergent is provided. A newspaper is provided every morning by hanging a sign outside your door indicating your preference (WSJ or USA Today) on the weekday. The Arizona Republic is available on the weekends.  

Self-parking (fee per day) or Valet (fee per day) parking is available adjacent from the lobby. A staff driven golf cart is available to get to your room. Parking is NOT adjacent to rooms. You may opt to walk to your suite but not recommended if your dragging luggage especially if you're on the opposite end of the resort. A call to the lobby to request a golf cart pick up is required. Note: walking from the far end of the resort to the lobby is no more than a 3 minute walk. The landscape is amazing! 

Cabanas are available at the pool area. Pool/Jacuzzi is heated throughout the year. The area is separated by a gait but without locks. 

Getting here can be difficult when traveling in the evening without GPS. Numerous guest stated the same experience. The resort is not close to the freeway requiring a drive through the very dark desert. It's located off a non-major street. The resort sign is small compared to your high-end resorts stating hey YOU'RE HERE! Signage is small in scale and poorly lit.!! 
The grocery store is about .9 miles up the road for supplies. I recommend making a stop prior to settling in since your car may be a distance from your room. 

The staff is extremely friendly and attentive but definitely not like the Ritz Carlton. The Ritz....just does it well!! 

The experience and views of this resort is exceptional. If a deal comes your way definitely give this place a try. If you need to stay closer to Scottsdale there are plenty of areas with the same caliber in Scottsdale, which allows you to experience a variety of settings. Honestly, I frequent AZ and select the Scottsdale area to stay. It provides for a variety of experiences. Your somewhat secluded here at the Four.....
Let's start with the fact that we didn't get noticed for 15 minutes by any wait staff.  Then once we were noticed by a waiter (not ours) our waiter got in an argument over the fact that it was "her" table.  We didn't get the salad until we asked for it. (it came right away) then our entre was delivered to the table before we were finished with the salad.
At this point the food would have had to been fantastic, and it was edible at best.  Let's just say my mom's meatloaf would put there's to shame.....
What happened to Rob? He was the best waiter in that place!!!!
After walking around the Art Fest yesterday, I was needing food....and we found Pure.  I never been to the original location but I loved the set up of this location.  
The service was very attentive, though sometimes I thought it was too attentive.  (Our server was obviously new and in ways it was somewhat cute.)  The manager came by with food suggestions...My friend and I realized that we are opposite in tastes...so sharing was going to be out of the question.  She settled on a tuna roll and edamame, which she seemed to enjoy.  I got the Tempura Bento box lunch...which was extremely interesting and yummy.  (the only negative was that it was a bit greasy)

I wished I did take some of the managers suggestions.  I will be here again, that is for sure.
I tried going to this place 3 times before I found it open.  Then I found out that it changed owners and now has regular hours. 

I only had the falafel and they were super delicious.  They bake them instead of fry them!!  So I'll definitely be back for more!

Also, David, the owner is super nice and has the most gorgeous eyes.....
Went tonight with my SO and saw the bright décor and decided to try it after reading the menu. It is similar to an Italian Chipotle..very fresh everything..you can have a little of something or a little more of something else. I am vegan but my boyfriend is not....we both loved it. A refreshing change from the same old..great customer service. This was far from bland..very flavorful veggies..grilled with light seasonings..great selection of toppings to choose from and really it is very simple to choose and order. the staff will help you if for some reason you cannot figure it out? .

Also no games..no hidden charges for this or that...We also had the dessert which was the rolled flatbread with nutella and whipped cream..very good!. They also have wine and beer...and..the music is streamed from an Italian radio station and is not playing full blast..very cool! All in all we will be back and have added this to our list of favorites.
I think this place can be considered a hole in the wall kind of place since it is very tiny and the only beverage served here is water. It's open and bright but I still had a claustrophobic feeling the whole time here. 

The menu is very limited and more limited than the picture of a menu posted a while back.

I tried the chicken shawarma plate that came with two sides and picked what they called spicy carrot salad and eggplant. The chicken was moist dark meat that differed from other shawarma I tasted because it was more almost nutty tasting and less of that tang taste that some shawarma has. The portion was monstrous as I ate a bunch my husband ate some and I took over 4 oz home. Maybe they just wanted to use up that batch and let it all go on me? I don't know? The eggplant was tasty and tasted like you fried onions with eggplant in a pan. The carrots were skillfully chopped into the tiniest cubes and seemed to taste a bit like coriander but weren't spicy but flavorful. I liked the spicy sauce that came with the plate it wasn't too spicy but was very flavorful and it was long and lingering and interesting.

Both of us were blown away with the beef kabob. It tasted better than we were expecting so it was a pleasant surprise. It tasted like the juiciest better tasting burger you can imagine. A thin nice sear and very moist lightly packed beef that was very good. My husband said if we ever go back he will try a hamburger from here. The kabob plate came with two sides and my husband picked fries and salad. The Fries were COLD AND SOGGY and might have been leftovers from the large take out order before us. The salad was finely diced tomatoes and cucumbers that they call Israeli Salad but according to Wikipedia Arabs also call this salad Arab Salad and Palestinians call this salad Palestinian Salad so it seems the Mid East is also fighting for bragging rights over this salad.

Our waiter offered us some pita bread with tehini. I have to say time froze and stopped  still for a second when we tasted the pita. It was that good, I don't know how you make a simple pita taste that good but it was. It was fresh warm very light but strong in texture. My husband isn't really crazy about any shawarma from anywhere but even he said the chicken on this pita was delicious.

I took home my left over chicken home and a few sauces and ordered a few felafel's to go. They are green inside and that is an indication of a better felafel that is made with fresh herbs instead of dry. The felafel's didn't have a big crunch but were moist inside and very fresh herby tasting. 

Our waiter was very thoughtful and just kept trying to bring me more food.

Some big hits but the fries were a miss. It really was like traveling the world. Limited hours I think open Sunday-Thursday.
We came here on a Monday night not expecting much of a crowd, but it turned out that it had a lot going on! There were people of all types and ages there; it really is a welcoming place for anybody. They also had a few different activities going on (poker, karaoke, etc.)

Pretty good food for the price! We had the chicken tenders w/fries and the caesar salad with grilled chicken. Both were pretty cheap and were a good size.

Our server was a really sweet and laid back guy. The food came out fast.

All in all, this is a fun place for a quick bite to eat with waiter service. The food is also very plentiful and good, especially for the price we paid.
I ordered a Caesar Salad to go.  Never have I a paid 9.00 for a worst salad. I was unaware the Greeks use brown old lettuce and Romaine
Literally, was here for 2 hours before everyone at the table got their food. Server was rude, manager was rude. The manager Marcia literally said "I can do a cart wheel and the splits". I felt mocked, I came here for awesome bar trivia with Darrell, but unfortunately I won't be back. Hopefully the manager and the serving staff gets their act together.
CLOSED
Quality always-being-tweaked menu, attentive staff and hands on management.  Upscale yet still reasonably priced - and friendly !

Gorgeous rib eyes, best Veal dish ever (chef's special - not on menu yet) and my favorite burger in the state (on-premises hand ground best-of-class beef).  Yup it's true.  Beats even the excellent Blu Burger, and Zinc Bistro offering.  Fresh made buns, large single fried onion, thick, tasty, juicy - just perfect.

Haven't tried it yet, but going back for their new Sea Bass FIsh n Chips.  Heard rave reviews from other guests over it.

Excellent views across the FH lake to the "world famous" ;-) fountain - bound to go off at least once during your meal - even lit up at night.

Will extend this review with more time and visits - but it's a nice change of pace and just a couple of minutes off of Shea.
I went in to Frances looking for a simple necklace for my girlfriend and found several other gifts as well.

The 3 ladies who were working were all very friendly and sincere. They went out of their way to help me find the perfect necklace even pulling out more inventory from the back. I also appreciated the care (and design taste) they put into gift wrapping my items.

I was very impressed with everything and will definitely go back.
We stumbled into this place after finding the doors at The Grind locked....what a fantastic surprise. Organic and local ingredients, a great craft beer selection and an owner/chef who was a delight to chat with. We just moved to the neighborhood and having a place like this with some healthy options is a huge plus for us!
Always an awesome experience. Everything on the menu is incredible. Love the atmosphere, and the service as well.
Had another excellent meal here and was able to try many different item. The Melted Pecorino Cheese ($9.50) was wonderful. Melty cheese, fresh sliced granny smith apples, crostini and honey made for many different tastes and contrasts with each bite. 

For my entree I tried the Fettuccine & Meatball ($13.95) which was a different take on the classic. Their alfredo sauce tasted fresh and bold, plus the fist sized meatball was so tender it barely held its shape. Fantastically delicious!

They also get their house bread from Arizona Bread Company, which was light, soft and had just the right amount of chewy crustiness. 

I dig this place, haven't had a bad time yet! Though the service was a bit off this last time. We seemed to be blown off once another table was sat next to us, we still had a great time.

BTW.. if you're having trouble finding parking, there is a garage just west of the restaurant to an underground parking facility.
What a pleasant suprise. Just randomly stopped by on a bored saturday ... as soon as we walked in, we told them it was our first visit and we were given a fabulous wine sampling of az wines. So good left with two great bottles after eating fantastic blt sammy.
My wife and I took the couples' yoga and massage class here last Friday night, and thought it was great on so many levels.  There were several people in the class with us, yet it didn't seem too crowded; the instructor and her husband taught us a great deal about both massage and interactive yoga, which was engaging throughout; and finally.... What an awesome date night!  Seriously, we would have easily spent $40 or more having an average experience at any of our typical haunts.  But the payoff for this two hours was far better than any other date we've had recently.  Thank you so much, Desert Song.
Okay I should begin by saying I have never had a Pedicure being a guy aged 43 never really seen myself getting one either.  However I took my wife in for a Valentines treatment and while I was in the store two older ladies and a Older gentleman along with my wife and the very friendly worker convinced me to give it a try.  Have to say it was relaxing. You get to sit back in a nice massage chair and have your feet and legs massaged along with the trimming and foot scurb.  Seemed like a decent price for what you get so I would return.
My fiance and I ate here on Saturday February 18th. We were visiting Scottsdale for President's Day weekend. We found a sweet deal on a nice hotel and I wanted to eat somewhere affordable, but still have a nice dinner. I went through many yelp reviews and checked out websites. I read many great reviews about Roaring Fork and it wound up winning due to the Green Chile Mac and Cheese evoking our curiosity. We did not have reservations and called to see how long the wait was right before we headed down there. There was very little wait, but we wound up just sitting in the bar. The decor and ambiance of the restaurant was great. It was upscale, but somewhere I could still wear jeans to. 
  Upon walking in we were greeted by a GIANT wooden door and behind it wonderful smelling mesquite chicken being roasted in a huge fire. The warmth and wonderful smells were welcoming. We decided to order the Big Ass Burger because I had read that it was 1/2 LB, plenty for two people to share. That came with fries and we ordered a wedge salad and a side of Green Chile Mac. The hamburger was seasoned well and surprisingly very moist for being over an inch thick. They split it for us without extra charge. The Green Chile Mac is served in a small cauldron and is the best Mac we have ever had. It is better than Duckaroni, better than Lobster Mac....SO FREAKING GOOD! The service was fantastic and more than expected for bar seating. It was the perfect amount of food for two people and even after a drink or two, the bill came out around $60.00. We had plenty of space, weren't rushed and it was quiet for the bar section. It was a great date night and we will be coming back on our next trip to AZ.
I love Trader Joes! They always have just what I need when I need something special. 

Last night, friends were coming over for a light dinner. I picked up the Macaron wine that was on special right at the door when I walked in. Great price and great sweet bubbly. 

Then, made my way back to produce and got wonderful already prepared tropical fruit and the best strawberries. The organic strawberries this year taste like they were picked right off the plant. 

Next, cheese! Great selection. I purchased a Manchego and Iberico along with fresh mozzarella for some bruschetta. Yum! 

Finally, a few of the staples that I always pick up when I'm there - Edamame, Sweet Peas, Frozen Mocchi, and even picked up the Apple Straws by the register. Oh! Don't forget the chocolate! 

The store is always busy, but smiling clerks and happy staff make for a fun experience. Seems the customers are just as happy too as usually if there's a wait, I end up chatting with someone in line about new things that one or the other of us have in our carts. Glad to have a place for yummy, healthy foods!
Being from the great Pacific Northwest I really know my coffee! Having said that, this may have been the best cup of coffee I've ever had!
The owner did a "pour over " for my Americano and it was awesome! 
I will definitely come back next time I am in town. And I would recommend anybody checking out this little shop!
I love this place! When it first opened it became an immediate favorite of mine. A friendly family owned gem. The best kind of restaurant. I would recommend anything on the menu with no hesitation. The only downside (for me) was when they won best of Phoenix. It became a bit harder to just walk in and get a table. But they are quick, good and always friendly.
I really like this place for breakfast.  There is almost never a wait for a table, even on Saturday morning.  The food and service is reliable.  There are some healthy options on the menu as well as some very not healthy options (which we all sometimes need and want for breakfast).  One of my close friends introduced me to this restaurant years ago.  As it is downtown, it was awfully out of my way to go again.  But, I always thought of it fondly.  Now, that I am only minutes from downtown - I think I will be getting here more often.  I'm almost glad that there are several poor reviews on yelp because it secures my ability to wander in and get a table whenever I please! :)
This is a great spot that's within walking distance to where I live so I may soon be a regular here. They have happy hour drink specials and wine and half off appetizers at the bar.  Met very nice people and even had a lovely lady buy me a shot.  :) The horseradish shrimp and mac and cheese with prosciutto were both very good.  Definitely give this place a visit!
WAH! I really really wanted to like this place. We had been waiting months in anticipation of it opening. We walked in and the place is a wee bit crowded with all the stuff around and hard to navigate. First off, what breakfast place does not serve decaf coffee or at least offer a decaf tea??? The front counter person nodded to some lady behind the counter and told me "She doesn't believe in decaffeinated drinks". I ordered corned beef hash with eggs over easy. The dish comprised of two eggs, two pieces of undertoasted bread, 90% potatoes and 10% corned beef. The beef was yummy however not enough of it. The potatoes - blah, white and undercooked! 

My counterpart ordered a breakfast bowl. They say it comes with hashed browns but really it comes with undercooked small chopped potatoes. There were six toppings involved that were tasty. However I think they must cook their ingredients in margarine or fake butter. The taste was really off. In fact, we returned it and had them re-make the dish. Still was not so good. 

The coffee was blah. Also, why does everything come in giant plastic and styrofoam wear? Aren't hippies earth conscious? Their decorations all looked to be recycled so why don't they do the same with their serving dishes?  At least have a recycling trash can available for patrons.

The service was great - the guy at the counter was funny and great natured! The free soup was yummy. The brownie was good. Turn time was good.  Price was good. Heck, I would be willing to pay an extra buck or two on dishes if it meant improved quality. 

WHY WHY WHY did it have to be so bad when so many elements were good????

We are going to stick with the Phoenix Ranch Market and their breakfast burritos cooked fresh in front of you (back of store).  4 eggs, homeade tortilla,  fresh ingredients mixed in for around $3.  You can't beat that.  To top it off they have fresh juice and a beautiful bakery.  It's a great way to practice your Spanish too.  Awesome service!
Baked Mac n Cheese with Chicken and Broccoli. Just get it. Don't ask questions. Lol but seriously best mac n cheese ever! Mario Hoagie and Meatball Hoagie are awesome too! Great for Happy Hour too! :)
EAT AT SAUCE!!! 

The service is fast and friendly and the food is great! I love the spinach, pancetta and goat cheese salad. I always say I'm going to get something new, but I never do. I try my friends' pizzas though, and those are good too.
One of the better "large" airports in my opinion.  As a business traveler, there are a lot of appealing design elements of this particular airport.

I love how fast I can get from the Jetway to the passenger pick up.  In Denver, it's a 20 minute hike.  At Sky Harbor it's less than 5 minutes.

Pretty good dining options here also.  A lot better than LAX which is probably the worst.

The United Club in Terminal 2 is nice also.
being from seattle I was a bit hesitant to go to an oyster joint in the valley of the sun. however, i was pleasantly surpirsed - you don't find joints like this in chilly seattle. the oyster rockefellers were fresh and tasty - they even have outdoor heaters suspended over the outdoor bar......too cooool!
For a person who LOVES buffets (quantity over quality for me!), I found this place to be way too crowded with old people, blue hairs, scooters and pushy old people.  Yes, like the other people who posted, this one near the Sun Cities, is full of cheap, old seniors who go right at the end of the lunch hours and wait till 4 pm when the dinner menu items come out.  I think it was steak, but it was so tough, that dog food is more tender than the items they  served that were so-called "steaks".  The idea of an orderly line is beyond many of these pushy old farts.  I pushed back and told them that they should have learned manners by the time they hit 70 or 80.  The staff did their best to serve everyone.  Although I would have quit if I worked there.  The grumpy seniors were so rude that I would not return if I wasnt going with my own parents.
Awesome, friendly people and really great tamales! Would be five stars if I could eat there, as everything is take and bake.
Went with the gyro combo meal, which has a gyro, fries, and a drink. The gyro was pretty good, but could probably use a little more sauce. The fries were also pretty good, some of them were a little undercooked. Everyone that worked there was nice. The person that I assume is either the manager or the owner offered me soup while I was waiting. The seating area was basically empty, so either it was slow or they don't have a lot of business. I would recommend other to it, I will be going back to give it another shot.
Hiro Sushi is amazing and if you're in the East valley or on the East side of Scottsdale you've got to try it.

We we're introduced by friends of our who are living in North Scottsdale and were blown away by the food. A little hole in the wall owned, managed and run by a Japanese family originally from Okinawa...

We sat at the bar and noticed all the fresh fish that is flown in daily. The eel was superb along with the yellowtail and speciality rolls.

We will be going back when we are on that side of town!
I finally had a chance to try Petite Maison for my birthday dinner and let me say, they absolutely exceeded my expectations.

Start with the service. Chad & Mike have been my usual waiters when I've swung through on Staff Meal, so I was happy to see they'd be helping take care of us for dinner. Both of them represent the absolute top of the trade with regards to waitstaff. Mike is fantastic tending bar while Chad has an encyclopedic knowledge of every single food, special, beer, wine, and cocktail on the menu, and both bring a passion to their craft you may not be used to seeing.

I had a porterhouse special for two that was cooked perfectly, with some incredible potatoes and asparagus (and on a follow-up for my brother's birthday, tried their menu regular steak frites to fantastic effect).

Try the pommes frites--you'll be amazed that "fries" can taste so good, even if you end up using them as a simple vehicle to get more aioli in your mouth. You *will* destroy your napkin though, if you're eating them as finger food, as they're coated in paprika and other spices.

Overall, everything was spot on, and I couldn't be happier. These are people who are passionate about ensuring you have a great dining experience and it really shows. Make sure you get reservations, since they are VERY small inside (around 35 seats?) and they can get completely slammed quickly.
Oh my oh my!  You want your carnivore fix you come here! Very flavorful BBQ! sometimes I'll eat it without the sauce so I can taste the smokey woody flavor.  Can't decide what I like best, the pulled pork or chicken or beef. Just get it all. Of course the sauces are all very interesting too. My kids are actually quiet through our meals here becuz they're busy shovelling the scrumptious mac and cheese into their mouths. Also the little restaurant corner actually has ambience and it's nice to stroll thru the market afterwards.
This place serves two of my favorite things, the pesto lavosh turkey wrap and jalapeno cilantro hummus. I can't remember the last time I ordered anything else. I've never experienced bad service, but I tend to go at off times....much less these days now that Stinkweeds has moved, since that used to be half the allure of eating at Pita. 

The food is reliable, I like their beer and wine selection so that gets three stars, and it gets one more because you can take your dog if you sit outside. The only downside is that they can't serve alcohol if you're seated out there.
For those of you that LOVE sashimi like I do (raw fish for you non foodies) this is the next best place to buy your raw fish, other than going out to places like Kobe or Stingray.  Ask the fresh meat department if they have any grade A sushi food such as salmon or swordfish, usually runs around $10 a pound for the swordfish.  Take it home, cut it up with some soy and wasabi and nothing could be better.  Best place in town to buy your organic vegetables and fruit as well.
I've been here twice and really enjoy it.  Very beautiful plants and a real nice walk.  Both of my kids also enjoy it.
I recently visited the Saddle Ranch in Scottsdale with a group that was in town for a bachelor party. We had a great time and the server was 5 stars. My advice is to stay away from the Steaks and stick with entrees that are more in line with typical "bar food". My N.Y. Strip was tough as nails and I wish I had ordered something else. This place is a great atmosphere if you want to have a good time on the town.
I don't understand the hype about this place, other than its the only place in Phoenix with this type of food. I've been here with my family a couple of times when my father in law is craving the food, and I've always been disappointed. Chicken is nothing special, waffles are soggy, and the service is sub par.
I am all about supporting local business. So, I popped into this place for a trim. Upon entering the salon, I was hit by the overwhelming scent of synthetic air fresher. I'm all for nice smelling spaces, but overtly powerful and synthetic fragrance in a small space is not only assaulting to my olfactory, but it's in bad taste. Anyhow, the salon was empty except for a woman behind the counter wearing what looked like sweats and a tshirt with a purse slung over her shoulder, a stylist working on a client, another stylist sitting in a chair texting or facebooking on her cell phone... who knows; and a girl sitting in the waiting area, who may have been a personal friend or a patron. It wasn't clear. 

The salon itself was simple and attractive. So, I tried my best to take shallow breaths and go ahead with my plan of getting a trim. 

I walked to the counter and I asked the woman how much a trim would be. I think she assumed I must be cheap for asking. She was incredibly dismissive. The reason I asked, is coming from LA, Weho and Bev Hills, I'm used to simple trims starting at $80 to $200. I know it's Arizona, but I am so accustomed to inflation that I still ask, just in case. Anyhow, before she would tell me the price she condescendingly corrected me- a trim was a "haircut" and "haircuts" cost $30. My specifying a trim was to let her know I didn't need my locks turned into a Justin Beaver 'do or something. I just wanted a trim, but apparently she is the type that won't allow people to call haircuts, trims. Some times people need to just chill out and let go.

As you can tell her attitude already had me feeling a little annoyed, and she seemed put off by me as well, but I decided to just ignore her and get a haircut. I asked if there was only one stylist on duty, because I wasn't sure if the girl frantically playing on her cell phone was in fact an employee, but apparently she was. I asked if there was a wait and the woman said, no- I'll go let her know. But, the thing is, she didn't go let her know. She sat down the other girl that had been waiting, which was fine- she was there first. She then took  the girls hair out of a pony tail, brushed through it- apologized over and over again for something or other- maybe being late... Then she walked to the back and never said a word to the hairdresser and began getting her supplies ready for her client. 

You know, I just can't stand bad service. She may have been the owner for all I know. I mean coming to work in a tshirt and sweat pants...  most employees wouldn't dare. I know I was dressed pretty bummy myself, as I am a permaculture enthusiast and today is my garden day- but I think her unprofessional attitude was a nice forewarning to the rest of her salon's service skills. And honestly, what professional business has the stylists on the floor in plain view of customers texting away on their cell phones? What ever happened to professionalism? I know Arizona is laid back, but it's kind of ridiculous in a business setting. I guess, common sense isn't that common.

Oh.. sorry I got off track. Yes, as I waited and realized that Ms. Attitude wasn't going to promptly inform the stylist that she had a customer I decided to go to another salon- one that actually cares about customers and business. One that values my time as much as their own. Maybe just one that had a friendly face there to say hello. 

 We'll see how long this place stays open. I can't imagine this business becoming successful.
Excellent lunch!  

We were in the area and based on the reviews, I figured it's worth a try.  

The club sandwich, and the asparagus & havarti panini were both excellent.  And the delicious cookie was a nice touch.

Its a small cafe with like 10 or 15 tables.  You order at the counter and they bring your food.  The coffee is self serve.  There's a nice sandwich selection, along with salads, soup, and some breakfast sandwiches.  Not to mention all the bakery items.

The food is fresh and tasty.  And a good value... the sandwiches are under $7.

It was definately worth the try.  We don't get to this area much, but Bertha's just might be worth a special trip!
I have been saying to myself for weeks, "self, you should try Karve tonight."  Then I'd drive to LA Fitness and fight people for machines again.  Well, last night I broke that cycle.

Karve is reminiscent of the dance studios I belonged to as a child and teenager.  Working out with the ballet bar made me think that maybe I could actually regain some of my youthful flexibility... not that I'm old now or anything, but I'm not 16 anymore.  

Most of the class consisted of small movements that target specific muscles.  It was all about being in the proper position and it made my muscles shake with fatigue.  The last time my muscles shook with Fatigue was when I would run up the stairs in my 16 story apartment building in L.A.  Now, I have no stairs to climb, but I don't need 'em thanks to Karve.

I'll be going to Karve as much as possible over the next month... I bought the unlimited monthly package for $100.  I'm so happy I won't be wondering around LA Fitness becoming exasperated looking for a free weight machine anymore.  Well, at least I will not be doing that as often.
The food was good although it seemed a little pricey for what you got.  The restaurant itself felt dark and dingy which I was hoping would translate into yummy home style Indian food, but I was a little disappointed.  It seemed like a family run place who was trying to be more American and commercial.   All together the experience left me feeling like I have yet to find my go to Indian restaurant.
Although I am no longer a regular, Gilligan's is still by far my favorite bar in the entire west coast!!!  It is by far a dive, but the funnest place!  It's the place to start any night, or end any night, or spend your night!  Just make sure you have a cab to bring you home, these people mix a mean drink :)  It's perfection to those who love dives.  Awesome!!!!!
I haven't been on a Tues in too long, but if they still do fish races, it is a MUST!!!
Crazy good! 
We started with the pork belly and watermelon gazpacho. Both great! The heirloom tomatoes in both dishes cant be beat. So fresh and full of flavor. 

For dinner I had the duck leg with an added sunny side up duck egg on top. I can't tell you how awesome it was. They had a torchon de fois gras on the side... Omg. So creamy and dense. 

My husband had the grilled ribeye, med rare. Veryyyy good! Cooked perfectly and the scalloped potatoes with leeks was delicious. 

Will return for sure!
When I first saw Swensens in Phoenix I had to stop by and get some quality ice cream.  I decided to order a Burger and Fries, for dessert I got a Vanilla Sundae and man was it good. Staff was friendly, good food and decor has that old Ice cream parlor look. Loved it. give it a 5 stars and hope it stays in my neighborhood for a long time.
Despite some of the peeps below, I find Carly's to be alright. I've been there a couple of times to eat and a couple of times to drink. Their beer list is pretty descent by my standards and the food seems to get better with each visit. Perhaps they're like sheets or an old t-shirt; the more you wash and wear them the softer they get...?

Yesterday, I went there with a BUNCH of co-workers, basically taking up the entire place (20 of us). The waitress was extremely gracious and attentive. It seemed like I never had an empty cup or plate sitting in front of me for too long. 

I had the ex-patriot panini, which was SO YUMMY I want another for lunch today! It was turkey, brie, sweet onions, and oh, maybe some pesto. It was just delish. Previous to my visit yesterday, I wasn't so much a fan of their food but rather enviornment and beer list. I have had their tuna melt/salad whatever it is that Melissa (below) was yapping about and she's right-it sucks. I can totally make a better one out on trail. I've also had their tomato bisque, not so fantastic.

I do like the orzo salad that comes along the sandwhich but I'd like some chips too; why not both? Stick to the sandwhichs here and I don't think you'll be disappointed!

oh p.s. the santa fe with green chilis is awesome too!
Last visit was a vast improvement... It is always based on the level of service.  It was really cool to see a bunch of military recruits there- always a plus.  The guy at the table next to us snagged their bill before we could - an indication of the caliber of people that frequent the place.  The server will make or break your experience - the food is good, the atmosphere is great for family, friends and/or a great night out however the experience is contingent on the service...  the park behind the place is a great view too.
I never shop at AJ's. That being said I have stopped into the Baseline & Val Vista location for the salad bar, coffee, and sushi and have always been really pleased.

I made a trip to this AJ's to obtain some specialty items for my husbands upcoming birthday dinner I was preparing. He requested prime rib and I am NOT into meat nor do I know anything about certain types, cuts, etc. of meat. Knowing I was heading to a "fine foods" store though I was comfortable with the expectation someone who works in the meat department would be extremely knowledgeable and help me with my purchase. I was absolutely wrong. The two gentleman working the meat counter had less meat knowledge than I did. They did not know a single thing about prime rib including if they even sell it there nor were they offering to find someone else in the store who did. 

I also wanted to pick up some sweet sparkling red wine as a celebratory after dinner treat. I asked the head of the wine department to help me and he pointed me to two different bottles stating they were both very sweet. I purchased the sparkling Syrah (against my better judgment thinking the entire time in my mind that syrah is not a sweet varietal, but reassuring myself this guy does this for a living and what do I actually know about sparkling red wine) which as it turns out, was NOT sweet at ALL. 

I headed over to the bakery for some carrot cake, again at the request of my husband, and was confident having read so many reviews raving over their cake I would find something insanely delicious. They have two different carrot cakes, one from a third party and one they make in house. The girl working in the bakery actually recommended the third party offering that "it's better than ours and the pieces are bigger" Again, trusting the employee's advice I purchased two pieces. 
It was the most disgusting piece of carrot cake I have ever ate. The frosting tasted more like old sour cream than frosting making the whole HUGE piece basically inedible. 

Very disheartening experience. I recovered by heading to Whole Foods (on Mayo) were I absolutely can always count on all of the employees being so helpful and insanely knowledgeable. There was no prime rub displayed here either but of course the meat man went in the back and cut a piece especially for me offering lots of advice on cooking, seasoning etc. I was so upset at myself for ever doubting that my beloved Whole Foods could not handle the "fine foods" dinner I wished to prepare.
Hands down, my favorite restaurant of all time.  My grandparents have been going to Avanti since the 70's!  It does have a mobster vibe and I think I have actually seen mob activity there before, but that is what makes it unique. The service is impeccable and I have never had a bad meal. They have the best gnocchi I have ever put into my mouth, it is served in a pasta trio with other pastas of the day.  Another tasty dish is the osso bucco.  You really should try this place at least once.  It would be great for a nice date.  I don't think that they strictly enforce a dress code, but you'll want to dress up a little- not a baseball hat and jeans type of place. Also, you'll want to make a reservation.
Great pedicure! Hot stone massage was awesome! My new place!
Aggressive prices, very nice support from Lee, John, Tammy and Joy -- BUT overall a bit disappointing.    I recommended them to our CEO and Sr. mgmt.  Collectively we were faced with Late pick-ups,  forgotten airport pick-ups, wrong vehicles for a long trip from Sky Harbor to Desert Ridge, cars with one head light out, no GPS...   Overall I've had better experiences with more reliable car services.  I would use them again but with caution.
Well...I'm not sure why we went back here. The beer selection has dwindled. The service was slow. We didn't get food this time. We learned from our last visit. Our night ended early when old drunk people started singing karaoke. I would not recommend going here any night especially on a Friday night.
Great place for both food and drinks. If you haven't tried the dessert yet, you're missing out!
When I lived in Phoenix, I usually prowled around North Phoenix, Tempe and Scottsdale; avoiding venturing anywhere south of Broadway, west of 7th Avenue and east of Alma School. Yes, I admit it...I was a North Phoenix Snob......but I have reformed my ways and on a recent trip back to the desert, a group of friends suggested Si Senor for a great "New Mexico style" Mexican meal.  All I can say is Booyah!!! Si Senor (despite the cheesy name) delivered respectably as promised. 

I had the sopapilla stuffed with beef and covered with a not too spicy red chile sauce, and my friends all got the sampler platter, or as they referred to it, the "pig platter". Their description would prove to be accurate and it was a sight to behold...three strapping men who could NOT finish everything on  their plates. For desert we had cinnamon and sugar dusted sopapillas (okay, I had them since everyone else was wallowing around in their chairs miserably) to which I added copious amounts of honey, of course.

I would have given five stars here, but according to my local piglets, Si Senor has raised their prices recently, and now charges for refills of chips and salsa. In my book, bottomless chips/salsa are a requirement  for any Mexican restaurant.
I Love this little Cafe. I have been going to 40th Street since they opened. I'm pretty sure my Dad's a regular. Everything I get is just how I expect it. My usual is ham and eggs which is a pretty good size breakfast to include hashbrowns and a bread. Coffee is wonderful!!

I have even tried their lunches. They made a pretty good burger and buffalo chicken sandwich is great. They have great daily specials as well. Friendly ladies too. Thanks Ladies =)
Overpriced wanna-be. Probably works for the North Scottsdale crowd (it's all show), but pretty mediocre food.
This place is the best! Awesome sushi, great value and very good service... A hidden gem. We eat here when in Phoenix and have a free night.

Don't miss it if you're looking for a casual, laid back evening of sushi.
I love the atmosphere in Cartel Coffee Lab. Great interior design, modern/industrial, colorful, great music, hipster for sure and lots of tables for the college kids and their laptops. Lets face it, if you are a coffee joint close to a university, you better have free wifi with a drink purchase and lots of space for college kids to sit and bust out their laptop. Thank you Cartel for doing it right.

I have only been here twice but both times the service was friendly and the drink time was good. My first visit I ordered an iced americano and it was divine. The second time I wanted a soy latte but they were out of soy. Turns out they had been out of soy for two weeks or so. I said I would try the almond milk and boy.. was that a bad decision. The almond milk just isn't good in a latte. If they aren't carrying soy anymore I will stick to iced toddy's and americano's.

This coffee joint is better than many! Check it out.
Everyone on Yelp is right, this place is great. It's fast, fresh, and affordable. I created a roll filled with everything I like, and so I loved it. I got: white rice, seaweed, spicy salmon, green onion, cucumber, masago, chili oil, and sweet chili's. Since I decide what went in it, I controlled the calories. My sister got one of their bowls. We were both really happy with our orders.
They're back!  The club looks good since they've reopened.  The menu of food and drink is strikingly similar to that of Stand Up Live in Phx, but I'm pretty sure its the same owner. It is all ok, not great, but not terrible.  Prices for drinks are pretty darned high.  Be prepared to spend $30/person if you're drinking alcohol (2 drinks/person + tax and 15% automatic gratuity, no matter how many times you have to ask for something.)  Unlike SUL Phx, food items do not count towards your 2 items per person, which was disappointing. My bf does not drink, so he either spends $10 on 2 small bottled waters or $13 on a bottomless soda. A bit ridiculous. 

The club is smaller than SUL, so its a bit more intimate. Too bad their prices don't reflect that intimate small club feel.  I get a text almost every weekend that I've "won" a 4-pack of tickets to the show, so I'm guessing they're having a hard time filling seats at the same premiums as the big brother club downtown.  Btw, if you "win" these, you pay the handling charge of $5 plus tax upon picking them up. 

IMO, Tempe Improv needs to understand their audience is a college crowd and people aren't going there to empty their wallets. Play to the people who live nearby and do smaller acts, and drop your drink prices by a buck or two.
This is a great place for upscale comfort food in a friendly environment.

I sat at the bar and wasn't super hungry so I ordered an appetizer and dessert.  The sausage and grits is their go to suggestion for an appetizer.  I enjoyed it and had enough room for dessert.

I really enjoyed the pecan fig pie.  The crust was nice and flaky and the pie was not overly sweet like pecan pie can be at times.

If I lived in the neighborhood, this would be my neighborhood place.
I love the drinks, especially the Moscow Mule! They have good appetizers too. Two things I dislike about AZ88: Loud music and the staff is not very friendly.
My second visit to Cafe Ga Hyang confirmed everything about the first visit: 100% authentic Korean cuisine! It's as if I was back on Korea going for lunch on a lazy day off. If you're looking for the real deal on Korean food, then put Cafe Ga Hyang at the top of your list!
This place is my second favorite place to get pho in  Phoenix (Pho 68 being number 1). If you come here expect the broth to be oily, or as my girlfriend put it extremely buttery. I loved the broth because it was a drastic change from my usual place, and it was very tasty. They also have an array of international sodas which you should try, stay away from the egg york though.
Amazing ice cream - what I appreciate the most is the natural high quality ingredients....meyer lemon is insane and the owner Helen is so helpful. What an amazing small local business!!
WTF? I thought for sure I had reviewed this place. Whoops. Ok, I really love Hanny's. Like for real, it's almost creepy. You instantly feel cool as fuck upon walking into this bar. A huge part of that is the AWESOME FUCKING MUSIC playing on Friday's and Saturday's, but the other part is the lighting and interesting layout of the place. It's very unique and almost secretive. There's a weird basement downstairs that you can't get into, then upstairs is where the DJ spins incredible electronic music. There's another upstairs section with a separate bar and dining area, nice little spot to chill. You can overlook the restaurant, make sexual eye contact with the DJ, and flick water onto unsuspecting patrons. What! I have never done that. The bathrooms are kinda weird, at first I struggled on where I was supposed to go and how to open the door. It's even more difficult when you're hammered, but usually there's someone else up there wandering around wondering the same thing. Together, you'll probably figure it out. The drinks are very unique and strong. A good variety to choose from. A tad bit pricey, but it goes with the style of the bar. The food is great too. I've had their sandwiches, salads and pizzas. All were just delicious! I get very excited every time the suggestion of going to Hanny's come up during the weekend. I highly recommend this spot. :)

*Side note - only reason for 4 stars instead of the 5 - sometimes the staff can be a little snotty. At least 3 separate times I've had both bartenders and servers act kind of rude. Not anything terrible, especially for a person like me who isn't bothered by much, but just a tinge of an attitude. Eh, maybe it's a coincidence. I've also have several pleasant experiences, clearly. Hopefully it was just a bad day for these folks.
Hands down the best breakfast burrito. Wow is all I can say. Fresh, well seasoned, with sauces on the side and some pico de gallo.  This food will make your eyes roll back in your head!!!
Not a big fan of Popsicles however I will say these are pretty amazing. Had the cucumber with mint and it tastes like a cross between Yoplait lime yogurt and sugarcane. Loved it! Family loved it too.
Taste - Excellent. Trying the key lime next time
Ambience (inside) - simple and easy to choose products. (Outside) - well, its in the historic zone so nice at 730pm. Wouldn't want to be sitting out here past 10pm with the characters that normally lerk around after dark in these parts. 
Service - Great. College kid at register. Very helpful and bubbly.
Interesting fact - They even have a Popsicle for our dog called a 'perroleta'.
Good place to have beer and tequilla. Not much in terms of wine and eating here was a stretch. I had an appetizer.

Celeb watch: Pablo Sandoval site-ing (which take it from 2 stars to 3)
Sunday night and there are only a few options in the middle of the desert for sushi after 8 pm, so it is off to stingray biltmore we go. I give these guys 3 stars because the sushi is good, it is just entirely overpriced...2 rolls for just shy of 30 bucks is ri-donk! The morning dew roll is actually quite delicious...I won't harp on the fact that it is overpriced because I already said that, but if me and my girl can't get out of a sushi joint (with no drinks) for under a Benjamin Franklin then I'm gonna be a little sad about it. Anyway not great, not bad, not cheap. Next time I want a bag of those jellies they give you with the check and maybe I won't cry so much.
Awesome gelato in a variety of flavors, a beautiful and clean shop, and friendly service - what more could you ask?!  I won't bother with a Gelato Spot comparison, because they're both fantastic - I'm just glad we have one gelato place in this area!  While I usually try to be good and stick to fro-yo from Golden Spoon, I visit Sweet Life every once-in-a-while when I'm at Scottsdale101 or just craving gelato.
For what it is, Abuelo's is great! 3.5

I had a very nice business lunch here - upscale mexican food. I ordered some kind of special enchilada thing, and it was great. And the deal closed at the table so it gets the 4th star bump up bias :-)
This is wonderful bookstore where you can purchase both Christian and LDS items.

I've been coming here for several years, mostly to sit and read, but also to have a late lunch at The Lion House Pantry.  The food is great and the store also has home baked goods and breads prepared by several of the Moms.  Nice!

Being a non-Mormon, I've found the staff both friendly and helpful and have never been proselytized.  Since I do have several Mormon friends,  I've found the Deseret Bookstore a good place to go to purchase hard to find Holiday gifts.

Enjoy!
Awesome, awesome, awesome! I am a regular customer to this store and am always updating the interior design of my place. What's nice is we just bought our first home and I am having no problem finding help with all my bedroom and dining room furnishing needs. If they have an item out on the floor that is damaged, they'll give you 10% off of it. They've helped me carry and fit many awkward items in my car on serveral occasions. They know when to help you and when you just want to be alone to browse.
How I wish I could give this place a 5 star review for their happy hour!  More on that later!

Our grade level team decided to venture to CJ for our holiday happy hour. (Prices are from $2.00-$7.00) Super glad we did!  Their Happy Hour menu is phenomenal!  Choices ranging from the typical happy hour fare of wings and things...but Irish Nachos?  Yes...shoestring fries topped with cheese and bacon! Mouthwatering and finger-licking good! Their calamari is superb!  It is not your typical tentacle and ring type cuts, this is cut from the true meat of the calamari (steak similar to the calamari steak sandwich at Hula's!)  

Now...(Please stay seated until the entirety of this review is read because I have a feeling some of you may run to CJ after this)  Fried.  Mac. And.  Cheese.  Yes. I said Fried.  Mac.  And.  Cheese.  It's like a wedge of mac and cheese dipped into this super crispy crust like wrapping and deep fried served with this tangy spicy sauce thing.  I refuse to learn the nutritional facts of this decadence in a wedge, because I probably wouldn't ever eat it again...but it's DELICIOUS!  I also had the shrimp ceviche and they give you WAY more chips than you need...and not enough of the shrimp ceviche.  It's very tasty and very meaty...they don't skimp on that, but the portion could have been a bit more as I was craving it still. 

As for the drinks...great prices on beer and cocktails...again ranging from $3-$6

Now for the reason I won't give 5 stars...they don't have seating inside the bar for a party greater than 4.  We had to sit at 2 separate tables which ended up being okay.  

Here it is.  Our server.  She complained to the hostess that she wasn't even supposed to be our server right off the bat...and in front of us.  THEN...we are a funny bunch, I mean we are in a room with 20-30 9 and 10 yr olds all day so get us around adults and we let loose.  However, she wasn't amused...at all.  She wouldn't crack a smile.  She just stood there impatiently trying to force us to order.  Don't get me wrong, we weren't being rude to her, we were just being funny and it wasn't anything abnormal or inappropriate.  She just wasn't having it.  When we mentioned we needed separate checks, of course she mumbled and we could tell she wasn't happy.  We asked nicely.  

Anywhooo...the food is great, the prices are perfect for Happy Hour...but next time, I hope our server is as goofy and as fun as we are...or at least is tolerant of us!  ;-)
In a previous life, Xtreme Bean was Gold Bar and the "vault" at the Gold Bar was more of a chill area with board games where people could play or chat.  Over the years, Xtreme Bean took over the building and Gold Bar moved into the Ross/Subway plaza.  The atmosphere then evolved into a haven for those that are glued to their laptops and/or those that need to intensely study.  While I do reminisce about the old days of yore, Xtreme bean does serve up very good coffee drinks that are smooth yet strong.  I've had their frappes and they have been rich, full of flavor, and not overly sweet.  They have a very wide selection of sugar free syrups too if you are wanting something less calorie intensive.
Just the Facts, Ma'am; A no nonsense list about Homme:

Pros: 
* It's usually clean. 
* Pool table.
* Smoking patio.
* Shiny stuff in the ceiling. 
* Cheap-ish drinks, depending when you go.
* Not hard to get a bartender's attention (except on event nights)

Cons:
* This place is tiny/cramped. 
* Homme lacks a cohesive identity and changes it's vibe as often as some girls change those Days of the Week panties. 
* Event nights are dangerously packed - We're talking hard core claustrophobia induced panic attacks.
* Oh hi, can we have more bathrooms? 
* Slow nights are slowww. Like slowcat is slow. 
* Parking on event nights blows. You're better off with a taxi. 
* This spot is way too hetero to be a gay bar.
* This less than glowing review may get me banned.* 

*I hear that's been happening, although that's NOT confirmed. Maybe we can consider this an experiment. Yelpers need to be free to yelp the truth.
So many good options for breakfast. Service is great, the staff is extremely accommodating. Food took a little long to arrive, but the free and delicious muffin was enough to hold us over
Tully's Coffee is the BEST!  A very comfortable neighborhood spot to grab a cup of coffee and fresh pastry.  An incredibly warm and friendly staff!
Stopped in today.  There was a modest selection.  Most of the usual suspects were accounted for, but wouldn't you expect that?  After all, it's a restaurant supply store.  I was able to pick up about 60% of what I needed, but that has nothing (or nearly nothing) to do with the 'Meh' rating.

It was the service.  The shitty, shitty service.  

Two things I'm not really looking for in a place I shop?

1.) Hearing an employee be fully condescending to a customer who has asked a legitimate, albeit simple, question.  

2.) Waiting to be rung up while the cashier stops bagging my order so that she can join in on the conversation that her co-workers are having across the store.  

Yes, I really love that last one.  Awesome.

Maybe the 'B' squad was running the show today.  I hope so.  If not, this place deserves 1 star.
I have seen Dr. Shafer several times - but never again. He is, without question, the most arrogant, rude and inconsiderate doctor I have ever seen. He has a memory of convenience - not always accurate. He is the only doctor that has brought me to tears. And, he is NEVER on time.
I have been trying to get into a consistent workout routine for years... I've tried it all! gym memberships, pilates, training for a marathon but was never able to stick with anything... until Karve that is! My husband found it for me on here actually and thought I should try it (not sure what he was trying to hint at with that... but i love my improved Karve body too much now to care :)

Anyway, I went and am now hooked! it is the greatest work out ever - its hard but the results happen so quickly that its motivating... and its really the only workout routine that I've ever been able to stick with ever!  and with going multiple times a week I found that it even changed my appetite - I no longer feel annoying cravings so eating healthier is easier for me (a former carb/chocolate fiend)

It really helped me finally get into a more active/healthy lifestyle - I know that sounds so cliche but I'm still shocked everyday that a lazyass/sweets-eating like me is actually working out on a regular basis - and its all bc of the great method of Karve.... plus the instructors are SO sweet and nice/friendly and supportive I'm honestly making friends there... all in all a stellar review for Karve Studio!! i'm a believer :)
We went for their supposed grand re-opening a few weeks ago, and it was an interesting time. The space is cool- kind of old school Vegas loungey, very dark with red vinyl booths and a tiny dance floor in the middle of the room, which no one was dancing on, mainly because it was more like a stripper stage than a dance floor. The drinks were really reasonable, and the bartender was very nice although he knew nothing about types of Vodka, or any other liquor, or what anything cost. Thank God he was cute. To be fair it was his first night, and he looked to be about 12 years old.

The DJ however, looked to be about 100, and was playing the same recorded dance track over and over all night.  The place has potential, and it remains to be seen how well the 'new' straight ownership will do, and what 'improvements' they will make. I just hope they don't gay it out with bad IKEA furniture, bad Mariah Carey music, and a predictable line-up of underwear nights and karaoke.
Amazing burgers reasonable prices.   I finally find a great place to get a burger in old town.  Go here a try this great service also.
If you want to be ignored by the bar staff the whole night, then this is the place for you!

I came here with two friends this past Saturday night and all three of us were ignored or passed up for other customers the whole time we were here.

Several times my friends and I made direct eye contact and were able to get the attention of the bartenders, only have them briefly acknowledge us, and then return to their personal conversations they were having with their friends at the bar (people had already started thinning out inside and had lost interest in the band, so there was no excuse for lack of service IMO).

When I questioned why they continued to ignore us we were promptly asked to leave the bar.

I guess there isn't such a thing as customer service anymore.... I would strongly advise against giving any of your business to a place such as this.
My God, the bread.  Sooo amazing.  I've had a meatball sandwich and a cheesesteak from here so far and they were killer.

The cheesesteak just drips out cheese and everything is so fresh.  Quality is key here, seriously.  Also getting the full sized sandwich is ridiculously filling, definitely get your moneys worth.
For me, any place that plays Radiohead and Postal Service while serving dynamite coffee is a winner. Lola is trendy without being pretentious and serves a damn good cappucino..maybe the best I've had. The couches are comfortable and the decor is simple and stylish.
No line at 11:25am on a Tuesday.  Friendly staff, fresh ingredients, and decent prices make this newest addition to downtown a good one to put into to-go lunch rotation.  

Cityscape is poorly designed, in my opinion, but at least Chipotle received one of the best locations- highly visible from Washington Street.  

They've recently added brown rice and it's just as tasty as their white rice.  I love that they offer so much variety, it helps when trying to keep your meal as healthy as possible.  

Welcome to the neighborhood, Chipotle!
Comparable to Roscoe's Chicken & Waffles in Southern California, Lo-Lo's is pretty good!

Open late with no long waits to be seated especially with a big group, Lo-Lo's is a place to visit in Arizona for some good chicken and waffles. Portions are good, but if you have a big appetite, then order 2. I thought it was cool that they served their drinks in jars. An extra plus for me was that they served Mountain Dew Code Red, and I thought that drink didn't exist in fountain drink options, so totally loved that!
Great service, and while all of the food was very good, it wasn't life-changing like our waiter claimed ;-). We went as a group of about 10 and had a back room to ourselves. They make a great Manhattan with leather and tobacco infused bitters--ask them about their bitters program.
I don't even know how to convey to you how bad my experience was at this place.

I walk in on a Sunday night and sit down at a crowded bar. I order a beer and food from an obviously distracted and overworked bartender. My beer arrives and simultaneously the drunk asshole two seats to my left vomits all over the bar. After a few moments of stunned staring, his buddies drag him outside, and the bartender and an older gentleman (perhaps the manager?) clean it up -using menus from the place to scrape it up- (I wish I were kidding).  They then wipe the bar down with a dirty rag and continue on. A few other patrons laugh at the absurdity and return to screaming about the Cowboys / Jets game blaring overhead.

At this point, why didn't I just say forget it and walk out? I had a full beer in front of me already, and I was hungry. Yes, dear readers, you may now shake your head in sadness.  I know I am.

Ten minutes pass. The aforementioned overworked bartender is telling anyone who will listen that 1) the drunk puking asshole had a $72 tab and didn't leave a tip and 2) that she can still smell the puke.  I  speak up and mention that she can still smell it because it was not truly cleaned off the bar. They used no spray cleaner, no sanitizer, nothing to truly clean the surface, just a dirty bar rag. The bartender disappears and returns with what I assume is a clean rag, and mentions that she put sanitizer on it from the kitchen, and wipes down the bar more thoroughly. And lo, her nostrils were saved from smelling it any longer.

And then my food arrived.

I had ordered the buffalo chicken sandwich, grilled, with bleu cheese (you can also choose ranch) tossed in their "garlic hot" sauce, with french fries.  I was delivered a plate with shoestring french fries that were cooked to the consistency of 16 penny nails, no bleu cheese, and what I at first glance assumed was an enormous empty bun.  After removing the top of the bun, I found that indeed there was a chicken breast on it, though I doubt it would top the scales at 4oz before cooking.  I discarded the top of the bun entirely, cut the base in half, and assembled it around this paltry piece of bird and took a tentative bite. Spicy, garlicly, at least cooked all the way through (though it was thin enough I could have probably accomplished the same feat with a bic lighter and a toothpick).  The bun was soft and tasted fine.  Against my better judgment, I ate the rest. I told you, I was hungry. After a token gnawing on a half dozen of the superfried fries, I paid my tab ($18 with tip), quickly finished my beer, and left.

It would suffice to say that a return trip would not happen even if this were the last sports bar on Earth.
We went there cuz was recommended on one of the food shows.  Aside from alot of food, I was really not impressed.  Was just so much and flavor got all mixed together.  Very good service.  But will also cause a heart attack if go too often.  

And we also got a mango drink.  Was in this hug glass.  But too sweet for my taste bud.
I was eating at Oregano's the other day and this girl, a local was telling me about this place said it was a dive bar but fun so I had to try it out for myself.  I liked it but it is def a DIVE bar.  Cheap drinks that has liquer in them.  I'll def be back.
i found our server to be completely fake, and somewhat condescending. she just seemed to tolerate our party of 2. she was less than attentive, providing no plates or silverware for our appetizers - i remedied the situation by getting them myself. the margarita was very good and a fair value during happy hour, which was not crowded at all.
I'm never disappointed at this Tempe favorite. When the weather is nice, you can't find a nicer outdoor dining experience.
First timer yesterday and I loved it! 
I went in on my lunch and asked if I could get a mani/pedi in an hour. They said as long as I was fine with doing both at the same time it could be done. Perfect! 
Both of the ladies working on me were nice and friendly... heavy accents made it difficult for chit chat but I'm not one for talking during my pampering anyway. 
Polish selection was good, atmosphere was pleasant and soothing, and clean! My only issue was that I didn't see any price listings... anywhere. I knew from the other reviews that it shouldn't be much but I like to know what I am getting into. I was charged $38 before tip for a mani/pedi(spa) regular polish... not french. Fair pricing but I may have done more if I knew what everything cost.
Wonderful little place that's sandwiched in between a Starbucks and a Weight Watchers. I can only imagine how tough it is for the Weight Watchers people to keep walking if they get a whiff of the delicious scents emanating from Tum Nak. 

Wife and I usually get pickup every other weekend, if not more often. We also like to take advantage of their lunch specials when we get the chance. Unfortunately, we've only tried a few items on their menu because they do them that well and after we found what we liked, it's tough to stray. I usually get the Pad Thai Chicken (hot) and my wife orders the Spicy Green Bean Chicken (mild).

The food is amazingly consistent and the service is always stellar which is a wonder in itself since they just have a couple of employees and the place always seems full. 

If you're in the Superstition Springs area, skip PF Chang's and head here when you want a taste of Asia.

EDIT: The Weight Watchers people must not have been able to resist the temptation everyday. It's long gone from the complex.
Stayed here when we were in town to see a concert.  Nice hotel, friendly staff and great pool area.  Oh, Depeche Mode rocked it! :)
Starbucks has nothing on Dutch Bros!!  If you want to start your day out right then stop by and pay these guys/gals a visit! Service is quick, fun, always friendly and reasonably priced. The drinks  aren't the only jewel of this location, the people that work there are amazing. They always put a smile on my face!! 
In addition to tons of delicious drinks Ducth Bros is always having specials as well as fundraisers for a variety of charities. 
I'm proud to say I'm a member of the Ditch Mafia!  Cheers
Mostly agree with the other poster. It's not so much a sketchy part of town as it is just plain old Central Phx. It's the West Side, but not the Wessyde! if you know what I mean.

The best pho in town, hands down. Pho is a vietnamese specialty - a noodle soup that comes with a large plate of fresh herbs that are torn up and put in the soup.  The rice paper wrapped spring rolls and thin crispy egg rolls are great. The decor is plain but the food is fresh, inexpensive, and outstanding.  Don't even bother with the chinese dishes - they're plain and not the focus of the place, unless you're going to order Chinese broccoli in which case go ahead.

The soups are delicious. Great broth, either pork with egg noodle or beef with rice noodle. The duck soup is also superb. 

Better than a lot of Pho joints I've been to in Socal, and that's saying a lot! 

It's family owned and run, they are very nice hardworking people, and they go out of their way to make you feel welcome. 

Some of the beverages are great - Pennyworth, young coconut, and of course the french press coffee with condensed milk, a Viet staple. 

Look on the menu for #72 or #78, forget which, which is ground beef wrapped in grape leaf and grilled - it comes with a plate of herbs, rice noodle with sauce and peanut, some dipping sauce, and dry flat rice noodle type disks that you dip in hot water, put in your hand, and assemble the beef, herbs, rice noodle, etc, inside of.
For the past three visit, I was very happy with the steak I had. Great flavor, just cooked well. 

I thought I would try something else. My salmon wasn't too bad but I couldn't feel the same way as I felt for steak. Should have stayed with the same steak I always ordered.

My daughter ordered kids meal cheeseburger, they used processed American cheese. I didn't think to ask before ordering, they exchanged it to a simple salad for her. 

This is a steak restaurant, their steak is awesome! But just steak.
Be ready to eat! Huge portions on most plates.  Try the strawberry lemonade for sure! Service tends to be alright ..nothing to brag about. Its a place to feel comfortable at with a nice quiet atmosphere for being a big place.
I came here a couple of weeks ago because everyone had been talking about how good it was! The burgers were good, nothing special. There's definitely better burger places out there. The customer service was great, the only reason I'm giving it 3 stars is because of the staff eating food behind the counter. I work in the food industry and seeing somebody eating food behind the counter was extremely disgusting! I probably won't be returning or recommending it just because of that.
I'm not sure how this place has a three star rating overall, unless people expect something crazy awesome.

This is one of the Fox Restaurant Concepts and in my opinion, it's the best.  (Although I do enjoy the asparagus at North!)

I've only eaten in here once or twice at most maybe.  Most times I'm just picking up to go on the way home.  I love the "Pasta, Chicken and Broccoli".  It's just the right size portion and despite being pasta with a cream sauce I never feel like it's too heavy.

If you're looking for quick food for the family this place is a great alternative to fast food.
I don't see what the fuss is all about. The food isn't worth going here for, and every other bar in town serves the same beer.
Another great yelp find! Greated with smiles & bottles of water. I treated me & my daughter with a manicure & pedicure. I didn't feel rushed even though they had people waiting. I felt like I got my money's worth! They did a wonderful job on my little girls nails. Best way to spend sum daddy daughter time if you ask me. And the bill..... Was about $20 less than what I typically have paid. I will definitely recommend this place as well as be back for some routine maintenance
Update 1/12/12

Gave it another try because one feller on here said the egg noodle-wonton dish was the best thing he ate all year, and it was their special, so...

THAT was the best thing you ate all year!?  Pretty tasteless watery broth, and ingredients were pretty tasteless too, and sparse leaves, and over-priced - $8.50, I think it was - too.  

1 1/2 rounded up to 2.
I can say that after my second trip to Phoenix, I'm a super fan of the city. When my guy asked where I wanted to stay, I really hoped for the Embassy Suites. 

We were lucky to lock in great rates in the middle of Spring Training. The hotel was filled with fans from all over, some from my hometown San Francisco. 

I love the pool here. It's a very large pool and gets sun almost 80% of the day. Weather permitting, you'll find me sun tanning by the pool all day. The indoor atrium is great, lots of cute turtles and fish in the pond. I just loved the natural indoor park and taking pictures.

They have a decent gym, so I could stay on my daily workouts. Treadmills with Tv's, basic weights and cardio, headphones are towels provided. 

I like the suites, we can feel at home and stock our fridge with fun snacks and champagne or we can decide to order in room service from Omaha. Otherwise it's a very nice home away from home, in Phoenix.
The food was ok and service was not great. When we got there we wanted to sit outside and it was chilly. They didn't offer to move a heater to our table. I ordered the margarita and it was way too sour. Took forever for them to bring us water. They were out of the meal I wanted and only had one left, I let my husband get it. It was the short rib and tasted like beef jerky. Too smokey and chewy. I ordered the sea bass and they brought the wrong dish. I ended up eating the salmon and chowder and it is an odd pairing. Pretty bland. Disappointing meal but I called and the manager offered to comp our next meal.
****3.5 STARS****

I came here Friday night for some dinner and to meet up with an old friend from long ago who was in from out of town.  I had never been here before, and thought it was worth a shot.  I wanted some place nice, but not to pretencious, so we came to crust.

The place is really nicely decorated, classy, simple yet elegant, and pleasing to the eye.  If I lived closer, I could see coming here for a glass of wine and a small appitizer during happy hour or early on a Saturday evening.  The place is on the small side, but they have a decent seating arrangement making the most of thier space.  The place seems to fill up quickly, so if you left waiting, your stuck hanging out on the sidewalk.  

I really liked their wine and alcohol menu, and the staff seems to be educated and knowledgeable from what I could tell.  Menu had a great selection of food, and I had a hard time deciding what to get.

I ended up getting a glass of Reisling wine with a dish of Macaroni and Cheese.  I know, Mac and Cheese you say?  I wanted to keep it simple, and was really eyeing the filet mignon sliders, but decided at the last minute to go with the mac and cheese.  

I will say the Mac and Cheese was good, but I wasn't blown away. I don't regret getting it, but I wasn't taken aback by it.  The presentation of it was nice, but I think it came out to crispy on the top. 

Service was quick, friendly and professional.  Great for dates, fussy parents (like mine) or a nice night out with a girlfriend.  Menu selection was broad in dishes and prices, and decor was pleasant and relaxing.  I would reccomend stopping in and checking this place out.
My principal problem with this place is that the high school kids there clearly don't really care about the customers too much. I don't really think that they even care about anything too much. They're lucky that their job doesn't require a massive knowledge of customer service or their product, or that store would be screwed. 

Otherwise, it's a fantastic place with cheap yogurt and a well-maintained atmosphere. My personal favorite so far is the mounds bar flavor. I also like their shortcake and yellow cake. Peanut butter is good, too. Any of their weird flavors are truly where it's at. I work at the teaching supply next door, so I know for a fact that the awful nail salon smell is completely outside of their control, so please, if you smell this, please take it into extreme consideration.

I've also had their pretzels and cheese. It's worth getting, but they microwave them, which is a little creepy. 

I really don't think much of their choice not to take credit cards, because I spend maybe $2.00 when I go. In all honesty, if people don't carry cash around with them, it means they clearly don't understand how much the credit card industry ruins the fuck out of local business revenue stream. Let them take cash only, if only because you care.

All in all, worth going.
I've always been a fan of New Mexico style Mexican food and especially the infamous green hatch chiles.  I never noticed this place before but found it on Yelp and its just down the street! The place looked extremely clean and the man that took my order helped me decide on what to get and was very helpful.  I went with the # 4 (green chile pork burrito smothered with hatch green chile sauce) and and the fry bread with carne asada.  The green chile was very tasty, I did expect more heat; but was still good nonetheless.  The fry bread was very soft but the carne asada to me lacked a little taste. Maybe it was an old batch?  Being an avid carne asada maker and eater, I know that the seasoning does it all; this was was subpar.  I'm anxious to try other things on the menu, and I also left without getting my bottled Coke that I had paid for. :(
Cool place to stop by for a drink or a laid back dinner during the week.  Large back patio with a chic gas fireplace and a bocce ball court.  I had the horseradish crusted tilapia, and it was tasty :)  Didn't care so much for the fried crab stuffed portabella thing on the side, but overall, at $14 the entree was a steal.  They also have a delicious curry aioli that's good for fry dipping.

Parking lot is valet only - a little annoying, but at least it's free.  We'll be back!
Seriously.. Maggie H. Should be stripped of her elite status for such a mis informed point of View. I LOVE RESTAURANT DEPOT because unlike Costco or Sams Club, It is exclusively here for people to conduct restaurant Business,This is restaurant Owner Mecca.. No crowds, just lots of Slobo's and Eastern Slavick Europeans who smell like the restaurant business..Hard working restaurant people.. Restaurant owners size each other up secretely by looking at how large their carts are, Its like a total Sub Culture, a club if you will for the hardest working restaurant owners in the valley..I meet some of the coolest people ever here, and the prices are truly about 20% less than Sysco or Us Foods...
Garlic Fries are AWESOME!!!

The Girls with the skirts and boobs are awesome although sometimes they can be quite aloof.   Tues night Craps games is awesome.  Good place to watch football on sunday.  Most of the food is so so.

Fun place to meet friends.
I took my Mom here recently for Mother's day and meant to write a review sooner, so here it goes.

First off, the service is great. The employees are very friendly and helpful and I've never had a bad experience with the staff at Postino, even when they're packed. Mother's day was quite busy, as expected, and yet they were able to accommodate us almost immediately. Always a plus when it's hot outside and I'm dying to guzzle down a million of their amazing cucumber-lemonades, which I later did.

Chose our 4 bruschetta toppings and split the mediterranean salad. Bruschetta was delicious as always but the mediterranean salad was a first try and it was perfect. Loved the tzatziki dressing. The mimosas were great as well. Wish I could credit the bartender that served us (short light blonde hair) but I forgot his name. He was really personable and sweet.

Anyway, I love this place. Give it a try if you haven't.
The food is over priced and mediocre. No prices are noted on specials board. We spent over 100 dollars on a meal Saturday night at another restaurant  that beat this 100 dollar one hands down. The aioli starter with bread tasted like pureed tuna salad instead of an aioli. The scallop dish was bland. The scallops could have stood more of a sear and the fettucine should have been dressed with a blended cream and lemon instead of the heavy alfredo used on the dish. Dessert was tiramisu and yes , it was bland too. No taste of marsala or any other liquer soaking the cake of the tiramisu. Over all this was a waste of an effort to have a good meal at a new place for us.
I've been here multiple times to have shoes repaired. I went very recently to have a pair of boots metal shoelace loops replaced. When I dropped them off I was told it would be about an hour. After running some errands I went back to pick them up. As I was looking over them I realized there was a little tear in the leather that wasn't there before. Asked the nice man that was working if there was any way he could put something on the leather so it would tear any further. He had no problem doing this. After two min he returned and my shoes were like brand new. He felt bad about the little tear in the leather and ended up not charging me at all. I really appreciate that he didn't try to pull a  fast one on me and try to charge me more. I come here all the time and ill continue to come back for the great service.

This location is a little tricky to find.
Okay, so like, I lived in China for several years, so I know what real Chinese food tastes like. Actually, there are many kinds and styles of Chinese food, so when this place calls itself Taiwanese, it's pretty much spot on. The food is fresh, tasty, and the atmosphere is upbeat, staffed with mostly Chinese students from the nearby University, and they seem to do a pretty darn good job. The food is really authentic. 

It's nice that they serve Boba slushies. While being a little bit on the pricey side, it's well worth the extra couple dollars. Take your friends here whenever possible, that way you can order many dishes and try out different flavors that are the collective taste of Taiwanese cuisine.
The BEST coffee ever. We stop in nearly every Saturday!
While this place cannot be considered healthy by any means, if you are need of a good ole' greasy burger fix, this place fits the bill.  My sister just recently discovered this place through a co-worker and has been bugging me to go with her ever since.  I was really surprised at how big the space is inside, tons of seating, a bar area and even an outdoor patio with tables and games!

Although I haven't been since I was a kid, I am guessing this is similar to the Chuckbox, order at the counter, and then they call out your number.  After you grab your burger, you head over to a giant wooden wagon that serves as the condiment bar.  It is stocked with tomatoes, ketchup, lettuce, pickles, hot peppers, mustard, mayo...you name it.  One side of it serves as a salad bar, so I guess if you went there and just got salad you consider it a healthy restaurant.

Their main gig is burgers, and they come in a variety of sizes from 1/3 lb all the up to a full pound and with a variety of toppings.  They also have some chicken sandwiches and even a grilled fish sandwich on the menu!

The burger was pretty good, the cheese was melted and I liked that I got to top it off just the way I like it.  But I have to say my favorite thing was the Fried Zucchini and Onion Rings.  I know most things are good once they are fried, but the batter on these was just right, and they were crisp, not a soggy mess.  I scored myself some ranch dressing off of the salad bar and I was in deep fried heaven.

So, while I won't be visiting here every week, every now and then I can see it hitting the spot.
The lunch menu was great. 5.95 starting price who could ask for more! The thai chicken wonton was good as well as the clam chowder. This place is a go to when visiting Park West.
This movie theater really makes me want to scream out in Annie-style "let's go to the movies" song. Translation? I like this movie theater! It provides an actual movie going experience. Upon walking inside, I immediately liked the open vibe. It isn't too crowded, it's space and it's organized. A trendy bar sits behind the ticket counter, allowing guests to enjoy a cocktail (or three) before the show. 

As pricing goes, this is comparable to your regular movie theater, which is nice! You can grab a regularly priced ticket and enjoy comfortable seating without an increase in price. If you'd like to eat during the show, that's a go too! The pricing for the food is about what you'd pay for concessions at a regular movie theater. 

I really like how this theater offers spacious seating with TV dinner style holders and comfortable chairs. My new philosophy is, why go to a regular movie theater when I can go to one like Studio Movie Grill for the same price!?
Oh my goodness. Sliders for the win!!! The Original Jewish Sliders are the bombbbbb! :D (Western ones are delicious too!)
This place is great.  Try the escamocha.  Fresh fruits with great toppings.  The family that runs the store are incredibly friendly too!
Located in the very popular Tempe Marketplace, this is a fun spot to get together after work.  The office has celebrated a couple of birthdays and a few going away parties here.  It's always in the top 3 choices for the young-ins in the office when they get to pick a place for their special day.  There's plenty of space here to accommodate large or small groups.  Our get togethers are normally in the 20-30 people range and we've never had any issues with service.

The appetizers are good here.  Potato Skins and Nachos are the two that I've sampled.  I've only had appetizers and drinks here, so I can't speak about the entrees.

I hear it's awesome on the weekends, but that's for a much younger crowd and I outgrew that scene many moons ago.

Return Factor - 80%
Way to go Queen Creek! You have a cute little olive mill tucked away in your far away neighborhood. My husband and I had a great time wine sampling and walking around the mill. We opted not to join the tour since we were content checking out the olive trees on our own (and it seemed a little cheesy). 

The cafe was small but it got the job done. I had the Kalamata and Bob tried the Cinco de Mayo burrito. The food was good on a hot Arizona Saturday but I wouldn't go so far as to say it was amazing. I had more fun sampling the different olive oils with a loaf of bread we picked up in the in-house market:
(check out my pic: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/zQJlNVgFkSE6swpp8j-eeg?select=7QMLFh-cMpY_mXuvoxuDAA#zA1gtbYRPkmhTbq0_kir7g). 

Bacon, White Truffle and Garlic Olive OIls were all hits in my book. When my foodie sister and brother-in-law come to town they'll enjoy hanging out here for the afternoon.
 :)

Note: The parking lot is a dirt one so heels might not be a good idea!
One day I just got off the lite rail and we walking around Phoenix and found this spot. I ordered up an ice cold beer and looked over the menu and order up the Santa Fe sandwich - Warm roast beef, chipote mayo, green chili & swiss served on an onion challah roll. I ended up splitting it with my friend they were cool and served it to us on different plates with the sides as well. The meal was really good friendly staff and just a fun place to chill and have a good meal and a beer.
Had a wonderful dinner last evening at Barrio Cafe with hubby and a friend from Seattle. We can all recommend the Guacamole, made fresh, table-side, and the "real" margarita's -- Tequila, agave nectar, lime juice -- none of that rancid "sweet and sour" stuff, thank heavens! I enjoyed the Tacos de Pescado (fish tacos), Bob had the Pescado del Mar (halibut w/a shrimp, scallop, lobster sauce), and Ron had the Cochinita Pibil (slow roasted pork). This ain't no Taco Bell, folks! Fantastic, fresh authentic Mexican food! We finished with a digestif (sipping tequila) Don Julio Añejo - YUM!
I would give this place 5 stars, except there needs to be more appetizer and entree choices for those of us with soft shell seafood allergies -- Yes, I know everything can be made without certain ingredients -- but if you take off the shrimp or lobster or crab and are not prepared to make it differently, I feel a little "cheated" on the experience (not to mention, price).  And please, do NOT remove the choices you have now as my husband and friends LOVE them! ;)
Love the fresh squeezed juices for mixing at the bar, a nice touch when you don't expect it.  Good service fair price.
The best pizza I have ever had. And I have worked at 2 pizza places. I recommend the thin crust basil pizza. It's good enough to not need more toppings than that! Also, the service is personal and they have a half-price wine happy hour. And we got a birthday cannoli!
Excellent Customer Service from really nice, classy young people, who help run that beautiful resort. They were respectful, kind and patient helping us get around the resort via golf cart, check in, waiter and bartenders and maintenance.  Loved the bar area and bar menu, which is where we ate and watched a great game on tv.  They have multiple tv's for sporting events and a pool table and the place is designed like a cool NY City Bar.  Great spa for us adults and we had fun on the slides with the kids during part of the day and then went to the spa.  Great relaxation and something for everyone.  Nice golf course....beautiful views....comfortable beds......great room. Thanks you guys.
A great cut at a great price! I am always a little leary of trying out a new barber (I am fairly new to the razor cut), but rest assured this place is professional and it's one of the best cuts I've had.
Not impressed at all with this place. I think it was very bad service and overpriced for a not so fresh item. I would have to say I wont go back here again. Nothing about this place wants me to give it another chance and when its so over priced, its hard to give it another chance..... go somewhere else.. ( in my opinion ).......
If I could give this zero stars, I would.

This was the worst experience I have ever had from a server.  To begin with, the busboy brought our silverware and menus out right away (A+).  Then it went downhill from here...When our server, Aubrey, finally did show up, she asked us for our drink order and we told her were actually ready to order.  This did not matter to Aubrey...she took our drink order and said she'd be back for our food order when she could write it down.  Okay....she brought back our sodas and we order our burgers.  Mine was ordered medium and my wife ordered hers well done.

Some time later when the food arrived, we asked for some sliced pickles....they never showed up until we asked the busboy to bring them to us. I guess Aubrey was too busy helping everyone else to get our measly pickles.

Now, I think well done has a universal meaning of cooked all the way through.  Aubrey may have had the chance to fix this if she ever stopped back by to check on us, but she did not.  

During this time, we observed Aubrey checking on other patrons but we somehow escaped her attention.  I was tempted to ask her what we did to upset her but she never came back to our table.

We finally flagged her down to get our check, it took way too long to prepare.  To give you an idea of how bad the service was, the bill was $24.82, I left $25.

I asked to speak to the manager and David came out and introduced himself as the owner and I explained to him what had happened.  He introduced his wife to me and asked her to get me a gift card for the amount of my check.  He was extremely apologetic about the service we received.

A few minutes later I was out the door with my gift card (which I did not want in the first place).

My wife was waiting outside (that's how upset she was) and when I told her what had happened, she took the gift card and was going to return it to him and let him know that's not what we wanted.

As we were walking back in, we spotted a homeless gentleman and offered the gift card to him as we had no intention of EVER returning.

My wife went in to explain to the owners what she had done with the gift card and the homeless gentleman followed us in and was going to order some food.

We left and as we were pulling out the parking lot, the homeless man informed us that David had taken the gift card away from him and told him it was not valid and that if he didn't leave he was going to call the police.

Wow....really?  Unbelievable...we will never return and I sincerely hope anyone reading this will think twice before patronizing an establishment that treats people this way.
I love this place! the food is really fresh and delicious. i've had the grilled chicken salad a few times, and it's always delicious - the honey chipotle vinaigrette is wonderful! i've also had the bacon eggs benedict for breakfast, which was also really good. my grandma's bleu cheese burger was excellent! i highly recommend this place!
Best Chinese I've had in a long time! This place was recommended to us by the owner of Hammered Hog, and I don't think I will try another Chinese place in the Valley. The service was excellent, fast, friendly and patient (sometimes I take a long time to decide what I want to eat). The food was outstanding. The Won Ton soup had excellent flavor and lots of Shrimp! I ordered the Happy Family - a favorite of mine from when I lived in NY. This is the first place I have found in the 16 years that I have lived in Phoenix that actually makes it like they do back East. My son ordered the Mongolian beef - another perfectly prepared dish. Dave got the House Special Chicken -great flavor - crispy and juicy. I also love Fried Rice - again, great flavor, huge portion. All the portions were large, the price was reasonable and the service absolutely fantastic! The only downfall - no delivery. :-( 

They have been in business for 33 years - and I know why they will continue to be there for another 30!

I suggest you go there now!
This place is inconsistent. Service is sometimes forgetful. Last time I went the falafel was not very good, and the pita bread was cold and stale.
There's nothing bad I can say about our experience at FnB.  The drinks, food, staff, atmosphere- all excellent.  

I tried two of the cocktails from the menu- the Milano and the Spring Sundowner.  The Milano was a very flavorful drink that was somewhat bitter, but after a few sips my tastebuds became acquainted to the flavor and I happily guzzled the rest of it.  The Spring Sundowner, however, was DELICIOUS from the first sip to the last.  It was so light and refreshing and delicately sweet.  I'd go out of my way just to sit and sip one of these cocktails.

We had the leeks, mozzarella breadcrumbs and egg.  I'm glad we followed the crowd and tried this before leeks go out of season!  Every bite was delicious with a perfect balance of texture- the tender, smooth leeks with the gooey mozzarella and egg, plus a little bit of crunch from the breadcrumbs.

Our entrees were delicious as well.  I had lamb with artichokes, beans, asparagus and potatoes.  The flavors were incredible- very earthy and rich.  My husband had the jidori chicken with spaetzle.  We've both eaten a lot of chicken in our day, but NOTHING like this.  It was so perfectly moist and flavorful, and the skin had the perfect amount of seasoning and crunch to it.  I was almost jealous that I hadn't ordered it!  But then I had another bite of my lamb, and was content with myself...

We decided to skip dessert since we had friends waiting to meet us.  When our server brought us our check he politely told us "We don't take "no" when it comes to dessert," and gave us two pieces of homemade peanut brittle that was crunchy and delicious.

My husband and I don't get many childless meals out, so spoiling ourselves at FnB was a perfect way to spend a night without our girls.  We'll be back for another soon!
Just about as good as a steak house can get, this place would be right at home in NY, Chicago or even DC.  First and foremost, excellent meat.  All the other goodies that go into making a good steak into a great steak house experience were there too.  Nice decor, open an dinviting.  Great service.  Huge wine list with options from budget to Bill Gates.  Creamed spinach and chocolate lava cake.  All good things.  Suprisingly, its a chain.  There is another in Tucson that is just as good.
I stopped her to pick up some grocery odds and ends. The staff is very friendly as always. I don't get here often but when I do it's always good.
..
I usually get the gyro here, but it was happy hour so we went with the $5 appetizers. The calamari was good as always, the flaming cheese was decent, and the hummus  was pretty good. Lots of pitas too, most places don't give you enough. The drinks were cheap and tasty, and even though it was right before an ASU football game and was packed, the service was still good. I was upset that my beers were in a plastic cup, but once the crowds cleared out that changed.  Try the Athena draft beer, its great.
I'm happy we have a second H&M and I'm happy this one isn't so filled with business clothes or clothes of a genre one might dime 'heroine chic' (or maybe that's just me). This new H&M has most of their lines, lots of everyday clothes (cute tops, skirts, sexy dresses) and some more casual things too as well as some business wear (not to mention the cute bikinis and lingerie - lingerie is always my weakness). I'd love it if H&M opened a third location a little farther south. Maybe in the Chandler mall?
I think I'm spoiled by the number of solid coffee shops in the Tempe area.  Grinders is the best coffee shop that is on my very direct path to work, but if any of my usual hotspots were equally as convenient, I'd head to them instead.

Pros - The coffee is pretty good, it's locally owned, there are recurrent characters every morning no matter what, and their support of other local business and artists is commendable.  

Cons - For some reason I never get a very friendly vibe when I'm there, the facility is kind of small and I feel like it lacks character, and...it just lacks that little extra.

We'll see, maybe I'm tarnished by the fact that I stop in here before work every morning and it's ME that isn't in a friendly mood.  Then I just thought about my review for D-Lish in Scottsdale....
Was dropping oldest daughter off at work and about to go hit the trails to go hiking but was starving and wanted a breakfast burrito, went by one of my fav places by my house and it was closed until 8, it was 7:20 and I didn't want to wait so I drove down the road to another place placed my order then told me that they couldn't use debit at this time, the machine was down, so I having no cash left, and then I remembered driving by Amados plenty of times coming home from work, so I headed over there and thought eh why not, when I walked I saw on the board Amados special which was a burrito with eggs, ham, potatoes, bell peppers, onions and cheese for $3.70, Yep that's exactly what I wanted! So I order me up on and it was just what I was craving! I am going to have to remember this place for a great breakfast burrito!
I have been a fan of this place since they first came to the west gate plaza.

Love the whole idea and theme of Saddle Ranch. The bull is a great enterainment idea that everyone deserves to expereicne at least once in their life. 

I have tried the food here... Not to bad I think you'll be happy with just about anything you order off the menus. 

The main reason I feel people like to come here is for the bar and drinks. Its very good for group of friend to hang out together. 

The have a very nice sized outside patio area to conjugate with your party. Out side is also two separate bars at opposite ends of the patio. 

Great enterainment spot for wither a couple people or a larger group!
Yahoo to discovering AZ88!!!  Just stopped by for drinks with a new friend last night but damn was it fun!  Really nice vibe, beautiful space with a truly elegant yet casual feel (who knew this was possible) and killer cocktails.  I learned how to slurp last night since your martini glass is filled so full you have no choice but to bend over the bar and slurp from your stemware!  Heard that that is how the bartenders can spot a newbie: newbies essentially spill all over the bar...or was I drunk by that second dirty martini?

Cannot wait to go back for a burger...and so damn close to Casa NR!
Fantastic pizza with amazing toppings. People who complained about service must be on crack. You do have to wait for a handmade pizza with toppings that you choose, but it is relatively quick and there are great salads and appetizers. The cool thing is that it is open late every night and there  are almost no others places in the area that do this. The boutique beers on tap are top notch. This place is HIGHLY recommended!!!!!
Amazing.  Simply AMAZING food.
Trendy, vintage-esque restaurant with great music and an energetic vibe. I wouldn't recommend their food, burgers were a bit dry/bland and very small in portions for what you pay. 

BUT - the drinks are great! The Vodka Collins (cucumber based cocktail) was my favorite and the Bees Knees were strong but yummy. I came here with a larger party and we had a blast. Service is great as well.
Good produce, good meat department, limited grocery selections.
What a total hidden gem!  I went in today for a reflexology treatment and one hour massage (based off the glowing yelp reviews!).  

I was pleasantly greeted by a young woman (she must get worked over daily with massages, as she was ridiculously nice), asked to fill out a brief form, and even though I was pretty early for my appointment, Jason took me right away.  Which was awesome.  I hate to wait, even  when I'm way early.

We started with the reflexology treatment, and WOW.  I have had what spas and clinics call "reflexology", but this was the real deal.  You sit in a chair to start with your feet soaking, while getting a shoulder, neck, arm and hand massage.  I was zoned at this point.  The pressure was perfect (meaning very firm).  Jason really knows body work, as he honed in on my rough spots without me having to mention it.  Which was also fabulous, since I was quickly losing the ability to speak.  lol

Then, you lie on the table, fully clothed with your pants rolled up to your knees (SO happy I wore sweats), with a nice warm towel covering your torso.  The reflexology massage was AMAZING.  Jason also massaged my legs up to my knees AND, did head, face, ears...  Pure bliss.  Honestly, at the end, I realized my respiration and heart rate were super low, as I was soooo insanely relaxed.  This rarely (ok, never) happens for me, as I tend to be rather, ahem, high energy.   I don't think I'm even this mellow when sleeping and dreaming of kittens and rainbows.

At this point, a massage was probably overkill, or so I thought.  At the end of the second hour, I thought I was on the moon, and could have been, for all I knew.  The massage was totally solid.

The owner (Mary) spoke to me when I was leaving, and what a sweet, charming, and smart lady!

If you want to support our local small businesses, get an incredible reflexology massage and most excellent body massage, go to Mary's.  You won't be disappointed.
As a visitor to Phoenix, it's hard to give a grade to a franchise in terms of long-term player moves, front office, etc. But in terms of an enjoyable viewing experience, they've done a good job.

Hockey is such an underrated spectator sport. It's face paced, plenty of intermissions and is held in smaller venues than football so that it has a more intimate feel (even in the nosebleed seats). 

I caught a game versus the New Jersey Devils and thought they did it pretty much right: from promotions in the hallways to on ice entertainment. The game had a little bit of a minor league baseball game feel with the wacky stunts: from a tricycle race on the ice to a wet t-shirt contest (it's not what you think: they actually froze the t-shirts in ice and crumpled them up. The contest was to see who could uncrinkle the shirt quickest and put it on.).

Setting aside performance (and right now the Coyotes are well on their way to the playoffs), the Club seems to be doing a good job in the fan entertainment department.
I love this place especially the ahi tuna salad. It comes with cashews and it is amazing! It is on of my husband and I's favorite Sunday restaurants, sit on the patio have lunch and a glass of wine. The only downside it service is hit or miss. We have had great waiters and then some real duds who forget to validate our parking after we gave them the token. Other than that I suggest going. Oh and their sweet potato fries are a must have!
Looking for counter service, tasty Mexican food? This is it. Excellent tacos, burritos and combination plates. Extensive menu. Try the al pastor anything; superb.

Plus, this place is a gigantic bakery with terrific sweets and cakes.
Another place I went to wanting to love, and leaving with mixed feelings.
My first bit of advice- unless you want unpleasant surprises, only order off the menu. Or, ask the price in advance. Secondly, when I booked I was not aware that this restaurant is participating in the Restaurant.com program, therefore I had no idea that the owners are already ahead of the curve and most likely anticipating a certificate from first time patrons, particularly patrons who are not ethnically Chinese.

The restaurant was selected based on my experiences dining with a friend from Hong Kong, who was not with me last night. I found them on the website for the Chinese Cultural Center, as I have only lived here in AZ for two years. I didn't find out about the Restaurant.com certificate participation until after booking the reservation and then coming to Yelp to read reviews.  I happened to have over two hundred dollars in Restaurant.com certificates so I redeemed one to use for dinner. A happy accident, right?

I've eaten in Chinatown in NYC many times, eaten in restaurants where there is no menu in English and my Cantonese speaking friend ordered, and have ordered a whole duck many times. Sometimes the side dishes or presentation vary a little, but there is no disputing the sum parts of an entire duck- it includes two wings and two legs. I know my duck.

So a duck, not on the menu but available, was ordered more than 24 hours in advance.  Upon arrival for our reservation the duck was served shortly thereafter with polite and congenial service from a woman I assume is one half of the couple that owns the restaurant. The Shanghai style crepes were good, the scallion was julienned, the hoisin sauce was augmented. It was delicious, but in my opinion it was not a whole duck as ordered and charged for- upon service I asked the woman if it was a whole duck because the sliced breast parts did not seem to be the entire bird. Also, in Chinatown there is a practice of presenting the duck,  carving at table, then whisking away to make a second course from the parts that don't easily lend themselves to rolling in crepes or in buns (some restaurants serve a puffy flat bun and not a crepe) but in our case there was no second course.

We ordered other dishes, especially since my dining companion is a neophyte to non-Americanized chinese.   We weren't there trying to get away with only fulfilling the required 45 dollar purchase per the gift certificate- I try to make it worth the owner's while and be fair. 

For him there was peppersteak and house special fried rice, for me the sea bass in white wine (I wanted fish with pine nuts but they were out of nuts) and chinese fried cabbage, a stir fried bok choy and napa mixture with dried baby shrimp as seasoning.  The food was tasty, albeit too much salt was added, and I definitely tasted MSG in the fish and cabbage. Also, the beef and cabbage were swimming in a puddle of grease.  The cabbage alone was eight bucks, but again since we were getting a discount I thought it only fair to order at least one dish where the owner had a high markup. Ditto for the rice.

When the bill came I was a little surprised to see that the Duck alone was forty bucks, since we didn't get the whole duck.  I tendered my certificate without a word and the staff politely packed up our leftovers, which was most of our meal- that was deliberate.  The bill with tax was 88 bucks and change, and the terms of the certificate included a mandatory 18 percent tip before discount. I don't have a problem with that at all, I always tip on the face value of a meal, not the discount price.  What I don't like however is the habit of owners to assess the tax on the total of the bill prior to discount- I've used certificates at restaurants that used computerized systems and never been taxed on the full price. This restaurant uses hand written tickets that are written entirely in chinese except for the numbers. To add insult to injury, the owner assessed the mandatory tip on the entire amount including the tax.  I know that waitstaff today assume that they are due a tip on the tax, but actually that's quite incorrect traditionally.  When the bill came back it was just shy of eighty dollars after discount.   I don't begrudge restaurant owners trying to keep afloat and make a living, but I don't like it when they pad the bill, and this bill was padded.  That plus our less than a whole duck left a bad taste in my mouth about this restaurant, and that alone is grounds for me not to return.  

If you want something better than american style chinese or want to use one of those certificates, then go ahead and dine at Lao Ching Hing, but this is my advice:  Only order off the menu.  Advise the server to ask the kitchen to go easy on the salt, and if you're not a fan of MSG, request that they keep it out of your food. Lastly, just order what you want for the meal and if you want extra, order it separately as take-out to avoid having a padded bill.
Another local dive, though you wouldn't know from the outside. Located in a strip mall, Time Out Lounge is a good place to start off your night. Cheap drinks and no cover, and an awesome juke box with all kinds of punk, metal, and 80s music. Multiple pool tables and a few arcades litter the inside. Minus a few stars for not being able to make me an Old Fashioned. How hard is it to have bitters?!! It's not like I'm asking for a key lime pie martini! Other than that Time Out is a solid place, check it out!
Nami is situated next to the Green New American Vegetarian Restaurant on 7th St, South of McDowell. The baristas are genuinely sweet and their tsoynamis (soy soft serve ice cream - made with coconut milk, soy milk and sugar) are out of this world! I get the mixed frozen berries smashed and mixed together.

Their vegan bakery is amazing: cupcakes, brownies, cookies, you name it. And don't forget to try their coffee! Nom!
Yum. So much yum.

I came here w/ a Dishcrawl group. We were seated by the garage door (which was closed as it was starting to get toasty outside). Since we were w/ a set group, we had a set menu. The manager came by and greeted us, very nice. The waitress however was extremely inattentive. 20 mins for water? Really? It was not busy AT all. A couple from our group of 6 finally got fed up and just went to the bar. They were served immediately.

The food, however was very attentive...to my taste buds. We tried 2 of Milagros award winning tacos and man, did they make my taste buds dance and sing. Did that sound cheesy? It was meant to. We tried the pork and casne asada tacos, really, so good. 

I would absolutely come back here for food anytime. And if youre a margarita fan, they have a bunch.
Very nice to have a drive thru here.  And there's a lot of parking and seating if you walk in, too. The meeting room is cool. Very nice use of the old building with a patio added for the cool weather.  The park nearby makes this a great stop with the dogs. Puppicino!
Absolutely delicious food! No pretention, beautiful spot, delicious sauces and food! I had the rice bowl with meatballs, which was amazing. I can't wait to try the homemade pasta! 
Definitely a good relaxed lunch or dinner spot
Went in here on a Sunday just before Christmas.  The one previous time I had been here was about 10 years ago.  This trip was for a digital probe that I just had to have on a Sunday and I figured correctly they would have one.  The store is clean and well laid out.  The staff was helpful and knew exactly where to find what I was looking for.  The only downside is the place is not cheap.  I paid several dollars more than suggested list price for my purchase.  But what is a guy to do when he decides he needs a probe after he had already applied the dry rub?
Not a bad place if you're really hungry and had no other place to go. My co-workers like the original one better and I have to agree.
my first hike! This was really a fun trail. It was hard for me, but Its my first hike ever so I have no others to compare it to.
The trail was paved the entire way, so I had ample opportunities to stop and catch my breath.
The views are fantastic..I made it to the top in about 35 min, with about 4 stops. I'm sure if your fit, you can get up there much quicker than me :)
Derek @ Exklusiv Motorsports is the best VW guy in the Valley.   He knows these cars inside and out and is one of the only guys in the Valley that really knows the TDI's.  His prices are extremely reasonable and he is very honest about what needs (or doesn't need) to be done to your car.  Derek has been doing all the work on my 01 Jetta for the last 11 years and I have always been very happy with his service.  From routine oil changes, to power upgrades to complete engine rebuilds, Derek is the guy to see for your VW.  He is not the easiest guy to get ahold of but his work, honesty and pricing are absolutely worth dealing with that small difficulty.
This place is full of apparently inexperienced young girls who butchered our maltipoo's cut recently. They told me he needed to be shaved due to matting--didn't realize that meant a cut that is totally uneven, with some areas shaved down to the skin and other areas somewhat puffy. Also the insides of his ears were bright red when we brought him home, apparently from the shaving and overzealous "plucking" that was done. Our dog was shivering and shaking and wouldn't leave his crate for 4 days after this episode. When I called to complain, I got nowhere with the girl on the phone. She certainly didn't offer any explanation or a refund, as their "guarantee" states. Bottom line: find someone who's more experienced and less agressive, for your dog's sake!
Funny story. 

One hot summer day less than a year ago my dad and I were out in search of a late lunch/ early dinner. A burger sounded fine and we had driven past this place a few times so we thought we'd drop in. 

We knew that quite a few places on this stretch were of the gay persuasion, but it didn't occur to us that Burger Betty's would be one. 

Walk inside and you'll quickly realize that this is not intended for a father-son lunch spot. We backpedaled. We asked a couple of questions. We left. 

Truth be told, my dad and I are both liberal guys and would have stuck around if the burgers weren't so expensive. From the looks of the other reviews we made the right call.
Rock Bottom can't make up their mind on menu offerings.  Asiago Cheese dip - on the menu for years, then they axed it in favor of new appetizers that didn't sell so well (Fried Mozz. sticks with miscellaneous accoutrements).  To make things worse, when they did this the menu designer actually had a picture of the asiago cheese dip bread on the menu as decoration, but they no longer served that bread!  After customers complained, they brought back the asiago cheese dip, but only for a limited time.  I guess the people who liked it have moved on to other restaurants, because apparently it wasn't selling and it's off the menu.

Portabello sandwich is gone too, the one thing my spouse ordered every time we went there.

Beers are average as far as brewpubs go - considerably better than Oggis a couple miles away, but not as good as BJ's or Gordon Biersch in the West Valley.

Nachos are good.  Ballpark pretzel served with queso is good as well.
This is a great concept with a great view of the field.  We didn't sit here for the game, but instead went in to watch batting practice.  On top of that we just had beers.  Apparently, they sell tickets for the games at the restaurant and clear out the seats a little before game time.
The Bikini Lounge is a terrific dive bar, attracting mostly hipsters, bar-o-sauruses, sometimes bums and/or your occasional tweaker, and some slumin-it douches.  Honestly I liked it a little more before the smoking ban (seemed to have more ambiance) but it still is a good place for some cheap drinking.  What are you gonna do?  Times change.  Apparently some folks reviewing here didn't see the part about Bikini being a DIVE bar.  Yep, so don't expect this to be some neat clean place with where all of the beautiful people go and security guards watch your car in the parking lot.  It is what it is as others have said.

Edit:  I have now realized that it has lost something - its dimness.  There is a huge light near the ceiling that, um, just makes it too well lighted.  Bring back my dark tiki bar!
I love the camarones mojo de ajo! or .... garlic shrimp ;) the guacamole is fresh and plentiful as the free chips and salsa they do most of their dish justice and the happy hour is truly HAPPY!. kicking back with a few margaritas doesn't hurt either
My wife and I love Wildflower.  First time at this location and of course did not disappoint.  The sourdough is so fresh  and tasty.  I wish there were locations in California, but I am glad Arizona is not too faraway.
I think this was the first bookmark I ever made, and I am always down for some Greek bliss. It's a little further north than I usually go, but dog-sitting for 3 attention-starved pups brought me just off of Union Hills, so a friend and I capitalized on the opportunity.

Just pulling up to the place, it was somewhat surprising how many damn signs they have in their windows with pictures of their food. I mean, just a crap-load of gyro, hummus, and desert pictures. Is that a bad thing? No, not a bit, simply surprising. The decor of the place follows suit though. Its like a McDonalds' cash register come to life. Every menu item has a picture behind the register, and there are a few posters throughout the joint. The upside was that it does completely sell their food. It only took a moment to grab a few gyro meals (gyro, fries, soda) and the hummus trio. It was a quick wait, and we were out the door.

Starting out with the hummus, I was pleased but not blown away. The trio included the standard hummus, jalapeno hummus, and roasted red pepper (at least that is what they tasted like). A huge hummus fan, I thought the standard was pretty good, the jalapeno was solid, but the red pepper just didn't have much flavor. It did come with hot flatbread, which is the perfect scooping material for my hummus.

Once I had a few bites of the hummus, I unwrapped the gyro and just went "Wow". Literally. It's just a big piece of flatbread absolutely stuffed with gyro meat. Going with no tomatoes and onions (not a fan), I thought it would be a little light, but no way. And after I bit into the gyro? Holy crap. I didn't say it that time, but the meat is flat out amazing. Sometimes, the meat in gyros can get a little dry but this was moist and flavorful throughout. I just ignored the hummus and worked through the Grecian goodness. It may be the best gyro I have ever had, and it easily has the best meat

I have to truly thank the Yelpers on this place. It is a bit far for a regular stop, but it will certainly be a place to go anytime I am up north or have the hankering for some gyro.
I was pleasantly surprised with our stay here. Having never stayed with this brand of hotel I didn't know what to expect, but I'm glad we took a chance. Plus, the pictures on the internet weren't bad either.  :)

The surrounding location is okay.  It's near a business area and other motels. I had no problem walking my dog past 10:30pm. The rooms are VERY clean with nice white clean sheets and comfy beds, and I love the fact that my dog got to stay with us in the room (with no extra charge).  :)  Also, the free breakfast was great! I got fresh waffles and during my stay here I had fresh biscuits and gravy. Kinda glad they had a little bit of a rotation on  the food too. I got scrambled eggs and bacon one morning too.  Bacon makes everything better! LOL (sometimes. LOL) They have a great selection of pastries, cereal, etc.

If I'm ever back in the area, I will not hesitate to stay here. And the price is just right! Thanks, Arizona!  :)
Went here for dinner a week ago.  Great atmosphere and food!  I had the Sea-bass and would highly recommend it! It was light, flaky, and very tasty.  Asked the waiter to make a wine pairing with the meal and he did an excellent job.
I would recommend it - everything was top notch.
One of my all time favorite places to have breakfast!
This used to be one of my fav places for good home-style Italian dining. Especially for a late night dinner --because the kitchen stayed open much later than other restaurants in Phoenix. I had heard that there were new owners and I am very disappointed.   The very stingy serving of bread is plain and ordinary and forget about getting seconds. The Alfredo sauce is bland -- like maybe it was from a can.  The pasta was over-cooked and reheated to slightly above room temperature. The service is so-so.   Sad!!!
Simple, neat food without trying to overdo the atmosphere. Tilapia tacos had a nice large filet, broiled, not breaded. One of our party reported these are better (and much less expensive) than other fish tacos nearby. Quick, clean service, great price!! Will definitely dine again.
March 30, 2013:
Had the mussels with Spanish chorizo!
The mussels shrink a lot during extreme cooking, but during this process the smokey flavors of the Spanish chorizo meld with the cream and herbs in the bottom of the large bowl. I wish the mussels shrunk less, but anyway....  a couple of pieces of bread are also in the bowl. Use them for dipping into the soup! My friend got bread and butter with her charcuterie platter, so I was invited for more bread. Dab a little butter on the bread and dunk into your soup! WOW.
All breads and butter are made fresh on site.
--------------------------------------

The original review:

Top marks for everything, I'm really happy for this new place.
The chefs are amazing, creating simple, beautifully presented and delicious things with uncommon ingredients (many from small producers) with wonderful flavors that are unlike anything you could ever expect. Obscure flavors are presented with purpose and mix well with each other, especially those served with greens of sorts, which many are. Don't ignore the little things on your plate, expecially drops of sauce.

I've recently had the smoked salmon starter and the pork liver smear. I grew up on liverwurst and black bread, so this was a scrumptious treat. I ordered a second round! At $4 a round, it's really hard to just have ONE. All the bread is baked on site!
 The salmon was super fresh and luxurious in my mouth, and the greens on top added another dimension of zingy freshness that went well with the salmon. 
PRO-TIP: Try to get all elements of the plate on one forkload the first bite, especially the sauce. No need to go for a large chunk of salmon, make it smaller for your fork......

P&P has friendly service on a different level and with class. 
Just the right size of place, and I felt like a VIP the whole time.
Lots of good beers available, and the barstaff is great.
They have a few off-the-beaten-path whiskeys, ryes and other liquors, and there's whispers of award-winning TRUE Swiss absinthe gracing the shelves in the near future!
My reviews have an "inside skinny."
Well, THIS WHOLE PLACE is inside skinny!!
They also have a coal oven and a smoker, so expect some AMAZING things!
I've recently witnessed trays of meat going to the smoker, and whole smoked pork legs!
I totally expect P&P will be a TOP-rated and a very talked about place in the near future as P&P is setting the new modern quality standard for Arizona if not the nation. I'll vote now for next year's Best of Phoenix award for best new restaurant.
I know that's pretty high praise, but check the place out and you'll see everything done with friendly class and good taste at a fair price. The sammies n burgers look great! Get the veggie burger with bacon ($8 and includes a side). 
No extra charge for the bacon if you want it, I swear. $0.

Über inside skinny SECTION:
Go during Happy Hour. Check website for details.
There is Chartreuse Verte and St. George absinthe.
WAY COOL music, heavily accented with reggae.
The bartender is your friend and you don't know it yet. Sit at the bar and find out. 
RELAX!!! You're away from the world that's trying to get you!!!
The wood-grilled tri-tip steak and a red wine I know you've never had, and the ricotta gnocchi with sautéed mushrooms.
Next time I'm probably getting the mussels and leeks, I'm pretty excited about that.
Gourmet cheese counter coming soon!
Bread is baked fresh daily on site. Ask for the bread n butter (also made fresh).
Also at the bar, they use the Mexican (made with sugar not HFCS) Coca-Cola and Sprite for the drinks, and they make the Moscow Mule with small batch ginger ale imported from the UK.

If you walk in and think immediately the place is pretentious, YOU DON'T GET IT. An open kitchen where you see the chefs work is gourmet hip. There's a certain vibe you gotta accept from right when you walk in the door, and I'm sorry if you're not ready for the "everyone's your cousin you haven't seen in a while" vibe. It's a nice neighborhood feel I've been missing. Actually, I feel like a Hollywood VIP when I'm in there for some strange reason. I can't explain it but I will happily accept it.
I've been here a few times and everytime it is excellent. The owners are very friendly and helpful. My favorite sandwich is the deluxe club. The thick cut bacon really makes the sandwich. You can't go wrong with any of their sandwiches salads or crepes. All the portions are very large plus the special on yelp doesn't hurt either For saving some money.
Such a charming place, but blink and you'll drive right past it. The menu changes daily I think, so you'll always get something new with each visit.

The croissants are to die for! They also have a crème brulee sampler that includes vanilla bean, passion fruit, mocha, Grand Marnier and chocolate. Awesome. Loved every bite.
This place is without question the best place to shop, and eat if you are looking for high quality vegan, and or organic fare of any kind. my wife and i eat there much. our favs are (the buffalo poboy in the sandwhich stand), (the hummus pizza), and of course the salad bar cannot be beat. 

we like to cook most of our own food because we like to know what we are eating, but the restaurants here are trustworthy in that when they say they are giving you a vegan meal that is what you are getting. (unlike sweet tomatoes, dont even get me started on them). 

so if you decide to shop here, please give the restaurants a try. they are on course with other vegan places, and many times it costs less. A huge hummus pizza for $10.99? YA BABY! 

dont forget to hit the bar for some beer on tap. some of the best available in the area. great happy hour on friday. (TRAVEL SAFELY THOUGH ALWAYS DESIGNATE A DRIVER PERIOD!!!!) i would like you to enjoy the beer not the jail cell!

now that i think of it this place has to much to write about in just one review. especially if you are vegan. it is worth the trip.
Try not to view Ironwood as an extension of the huge Burton Barr library and look at it for what it really is--a small community library. It is a great resource for Ahwatukee. It's clean, has free wifi and plenty of popular items, and is a great place to get out of the heat during the summer for any number of people.

Since they're part of the Phoenix library system, they have access to great services like the Overdrive catalog. Go online and log in with your library card to check out audiobooks and ebooks! You can check out 10 at a time. There are also plenty of great community programs like the Culture Passes mentioned in another review.

The one downside is that the staff is pretty unhelpful (and sometimes unfriendly). I've had my daughter ask for a book because it was listed as being on the shelf but it wasn't in its place. I don't need a staff member to walk over to the shelf, look at the empty spot, and then shrug, saying it must be lost. I could discern that myself. Some of the ladies working behind the counter (I don't know what their function is) are downright unfriendly and sullen. Retire and let some newer blood in, if you hate your job that much.

Ignore the staff and you'll be golden.
The hot chocolate is great.  I love it.
The food was good, but the poor service and too loud music ruined the experience. 

We got a few menu items and shared them. I found the flavor of the Mac and cheese to be good, but too greasy. The peanut butter and jelly was good; it was like the comfort food of your childhood grew up to be just a bit more complex. But my favorite was the roast beef. If I was ever compelled to return this would be the item I would get. The heat on the horseradish was PERFECT.

Given the choice I would go next door to Humble Pie instead.
Good food, attentive service, great ambiance. Hip but not unwelcoming to middle-agers like me. It was a little more pricey than I was expecting but the food is locally-grown. The "Carolina" BBQ sauce on the pulled pork is mustard-based. Pretty good but not what I (or most people familiar with the typical Carolina red sauce) would have expected. Maybe the mustard-based sauce is more common in SC. Hamburger and lemon meringue pie were yummy. All around pretty good.
This park has one of my 2 favorite trails in Phoenix. The other is at South Mountain. I love the steep incline while walking towards the peak that looks over Arrowhead Lakes. I like how clean the park is.

My first trip up here was on Veteran's Day. It was a nice surprise to get to the top only to see a flag waiting up there.

Walking down can be a bit tough at times. But the way the trails connect, you can pick and choose your route far easier than some parks.

It is not as scenic as some places but is a great combination of interesting, offers a "modular hike", a nice workout, and the lakes are at least an interesting view for Phoenix.
Fancy it ain't, but good it is!  One of my favorite lunch spots even though it is a few miles from the office.  Located in a cheap looking strip mall, you may not think to give it a try but you should.  Prices  are low and food is simple but well prepared.  Their specials are a good way to get  a lot of food at good prices!

Inside decor is not much - except for the brightly painted chairs (go figure the nicest part of the store is the chairs).

If you are in the area give it a try!
Best Mac-n-cheese I've ever had. Plus, they have shorty's of draft beer for lightweights like me.
My favorite coffee bar in Tempe. The coffee is great, and the owners and staff treat you special.
This location gets so jammed packed that its like chaos during the lunch rush.  I have always had great tacos here, especially the chicken is always hot.  Has anyone else noticed that their seating is quite uncomfortable?  I just can't sit for too long, but I think that is all part of their plan, they don't want their patrons to stay for too long. 

One thing I need to add is Chipotle does NOT use dairy products in their meats, rice, tacos shells/tortillas/chips or salsas.  It is a fabulous place to eat if you have a pesky food allergy.
Zia Records is an awesome valley CD store which carries a wide range of every genre. Nothing is too specialized. They have used CDs on the cheap, they take trade-ins, and the place looks fucking cool. 

I have been to every single Zia Records in the Phoenix area, and the Tempe location is by far the best one. They have a very large general selection of music and they carry some more obscure music as well. Much more of a selection than any other Zia, especially for metal. They have all of your metal, from early 80's to the most heavy of death metal. They also carry a good amount of the post rock I listen to, which is good enough for me. But that's not really what Zia is for. New CDs are cheaper on the net. This place is for browsing the used CDs. I always come out with at least one or two.

My CD rack is basically 25-50% used Zia Records albums. You can tell by the Zia Records sticker. Which leads to a complaint. Why do you put such difficult stickers on these things? Zia stickers are not easy to pull off and they are often numerous. They essentially will cost some work to get off cleanly or will ruin your jewel case.

Oh yeah, the staff. They're definitely an odd bunch, but not like the other Zia stores. This location doesn't have the raw punk/metal types like all of the other stores. Instead, it seems to be about 50% hipster 50% punk. They're not super friendly nor are they overly customer service oriented. They'll do their job and help you out, but don't expect someone with a Lamb of God shirt to be ecstatic about helping you find the latest Radiohead CD, or vice versa. On the other hand, if you two are into the same type of music, you now probably have a new friend down at Zia.

The only real negative about this store in specific is the parking. There is a tiny ghetto parking lot with signs plastered all over that you're trespassing on (some other store)'s property. What the hell?

One more thing. Zia stores are open until midnight. No, I'm not lying. It's just that great of a chain.
The BBQ is decent, depending on what you get (the brisket is meh, the chicken is pretty good, the ribs are decent).  The Saturday college football viewing is nice.  The service is friendly, even when your kids are making a huge mess.  It's definitely going in the Saturday afternoon rotation.
This is one of the cleanest most organized gas stations I have been to in a long time. The cashiers are fast and friendly. They have really good on the go style breakfast sandwiches. Definitely gonna stop there when I can.
Food is good, I haven't had a bad experience. They have a low calorie healthy burrito which I get a majority of the time. Service is friendly and quit to assist.
Stayed at the Biltmore and went here because of an American Express dining certificate.  The experience: a dirty soup spoon, sending back the soup, taking a bite of scallop that made me sick, and terminating the dining experience as a result ... If I could give "negative stars," I would.  This is a nasty, as in dirty-ass nasty, restaurant pretending to be fine dining.
While certainly not an authentic Mexican eatery, the food is consistent and decent.  The Fish tacos is what they are good at and what I enjoy the most.  They always come with a good portion of grilled or fried fish, cabbage, pico de gallo and avocado slices.  If this chain ever comes to Honolulu they better use fresh fesh!  Wahoos is ok and Tacos del Mar so and so, Maui tacos is hopeless, sorry it is what it is, and I know what I like. 

What sets Baja Fresh apart from the other fast food "kinda Mexican" food places like Wahoo or Tacos del Mar is the salsa bar, it is  well organized/displayed with 3-4 kinds of salsas, mild, hot, dark roasted and the  (pineapple salsa is amazing by the way) and there is also pico de gallo, lime slices, cilantro, onions and sliced jalapeno peppers.  It's always nice to have a few more extras in your meal and try out new flavor combinations.
Fantastic! And, great service! Went for Sunday brunch nice variety of menu selections for all people in your party! Nice open atmosphere.
Brueggers was my DC area go-to for a yummy morning soft-wich or the post-lunch cookie break. I did a little dance when I saw it in the Biltmore area... everything is just as good as the E Street experience and the lunch sandwiches are pretty good if you are too lazy to walk across the street to the restaurants. Oh... and I recently discovered that their teas are really yummy too...
I am a huge hockey fan from Michigan. So of course I have to go to see the Red Wings when they come to town. I was impressed with the arena. Of course its not Joe Louis, but it was the right temperature and had adequate restrooms for the ladies. The prices are what you expect them to be when you go to a concert or sporting event. I plan on going back tonight to see the Coyote's play the Stars. This time maybe they will win.
Delays and layovers are a traveler's nightmare! Having 3 hours to kill within an airport, my hubby and I decided to get some lunch and waste some time. We asked a worker at a gift shop what her favorite food spot is in the airport. She immediately directed us to Cowboy Ciao.

Passing this place on our way to our next gate, I saw how packed it was. It looked more like a bar to me, since the bar sits in the middle of the mini-restaurant with giant big screen TVs. They do have lounge seating, which is convenient for small (1-2 people) or semi-large parties (6 people seating). There are also small tables, but it didn't feel cramped to me.

We ordered the Stetson salad, and it was the best salad I've ever tasted! I also recommend their Open Faced Steak Sandwich. It's basically two pieces of filet mignon on top of soft french bread and topped with the most delicious sauce. It's not the type of sandwich you'd imagine. We both shared both meals and it filled us up, so the portion size is pretty decent. 

The price is about average (being a tad bit expensive on their pricier meal menus), but the food is definitely an original and the taste is impeccable! I wish we had this restaurant in Houston!
Yesterday morning, we went to St Joe's to see our new niece. She's 6 pounds 14 ounces, 17 inches long and I absolutely love her! Less than 24 hours old, Patience Marie is quite possibly the most miraculous thing to happen in my life since the births of my nieces in Ohio. 

So, seeing a newborn can certainly work up an appetite and since we were in the neighborhood, we decided to go to Original Hamburger Works. My mother-in-law shared a story about her last visit here, as we left the hospital. Apparently, on of the barmaids was celebrating her last day by exposing her breasts and allowing male patrons to feel their suppleness. Or offer their services in checking for abnormal conditions. Of this I was unclear. But, we verified that Original Hamburger Works does indeed have hamburgers so off we went. 

This was my first time going to OHW, and I must admit it's a bit confusing--especially if you come in the back entrance. Just so you don't walk in and take a seat (and look like a fool waiting for someone to wait on you) here's the lowdown: Proceed to the main dining area and get in line. Before you order, be aware there are many choices: First, if you're ordering a burger, they come in various sized--small one, big one (1/3#), double big one (2 of the previous patties), great big one (1/2#) and super great one (+1#). Then there's the buns, either onion, whole wheat or white. Then, there's the cheeses: Swiss, cheddar, jalapeno jack, American, provolone). If you're too intimidated to build your own burger, there are about half a dozen specialty burgers from which to chose. We ended up getting the Big One special, which came with fries for $5.49 but does not include your drink. Don't worry, though. They have a fully stocked bar in the next room! 

After your name is called, you can doctor up your burger with their selection of toppings. I went with the simple scoop of mayo. You do know white people love mayonnaise? Truly a wonderful burger.

How I'd never been to OHW prior to this weekend is beyond me. I know I'll be going back again and again. We did not, however, have to be subjected to exposed breasts during our visit. Unless you consider the ones of the chicken being grilled next to our burgers.
Came here on a whim after our attempt at mexican food failed. This place ended up pretty awesome. Pizza was great and different. Who would have thought eating pizza in squared slices other than the traditional wedges would have been so cool? 

The dessert topped our evening with the baked cookies with ice cream on top - we came out a 5 pounds heavier with a smile on our faces!
Great dim sum outstandin food and service. Very authentic
I thought this was the chain Serrano's, but instead it's a local chain within Arizona (I think). 

We went with a large group of people, so that may taint my experience. The service was slow, and they missed one of our orders completely and ended up delivering it nearly 30 minutes after everyone else had their food. 

We had some margaritas - overly sweet and completely forgettable. 

We got the Del Mar sampler along with the steak fajitas. The fajitas were fine and filling. The Del Mar sampler came out two different ways. One of our companions got this (and it came out a startlingly half hour before mine did - they messed up in the kitchen) and it was blah. The fish was overcooked, and the other flavors blended into a mush. Mine came out later and the fish was done superbly - flaky soft with lots of flavor - and the rest of it was tasty.

I think there are better options within the Phoenix/Mesa area.
Best Mexican joint I've found in Gilbert area. Top notch carne asada burritos and reasonable prices. Try their super nachos. They weigh like eight pounds.
Fast-yummy-delicious !!  I had chicken satay and shrimp spring rolls $15 & it was more than enough.
This was the first time I left the dentist's office feeling better than when I went in!

I am not exaggerating when I say that I usually hate going the dentist.  I hate the air vacuum that dries up your mouth, I hate the water that sprays indirectly all over your face, I hate the sounds when they're cleaning you're teeth, I hate how your jaw hurts for the following week because of "opening wide" for x-rays, and I hate how the dentist talks to the assistants about your teeth in all sorts of code like you don't deserve to hear what's going on with YOUR teeth.

With all of these things to despise about going to the dentist, I am surprised to be writing that I actually enjoyed my experience at Simply Dentistry.  Dr. Tran and the assistant both spent 5 minutes getting to know me, sans any forced, awkward conversation. They were friendly, gave me a tour of the office, asked what kind of mouthwash I like, and didn't make me feel bad for procrastinating on my cleanings.  Dr. Tran is understanding, friendly, and incredibly good at what she does. Both the assistant and her were patient, explained what they were doing, and seemed genuinely interested in making my experience as comfortable as possible.

If you're looking for a dentist, Dr. Tran at Simply Dentistry is top notch.  Her office is green and eco friendly, there is a ceiling-mounted tv to keep you distracted, and she'll make jokes and share stories along the way.
The food was too greasy and the chips were stale. I asked the waiter about it and he said they only make the chips once a week so that's why they were stale; lame.
Pure awesome.  The owner brews gluten free beer on his own as well, so he gave me a quick rundown of how to do it... guided me right thru.  

The prices are great, and he states he will hold your own brews at his location if you need a good stable temperature for fermentation up until it is bottled.

He also carries many micro brews to sell... individual cooled beers and also the multipacks.  

BTW... he tends to carry Dogfish Head quite a bit... he even had some of the 120 Minute IPA which is hard to come by.
there really isn't much to say about this place that hasn't been said in justified prose already, so here's a bullet list.

-SUPER CHEAP.
-just about everything dog-related except for food.
-$25 minimum on walk-in orders.
-super friendly staff!
My wife and I went here on a Monday, April 2nd for our one year anniversary.  The reviews we've read definitely made this place seem like a winner.  I made a reservation for 6:30, just shortly after the restaurant opens.  The drive up the mountain was steep but the resort is beautiful and you could just tell that the view at the top would be amazing.  Were we ever surprised!

The valet parked my car and we went inside to be seated.  Unfortunately the patio wasn't open for service but they sat us by the window so we had a great view of downtown Phoenix.  One complaint we did have about our table was that it felt like we were in the path of all the server traffic.  It was also right next to a door to the patio so a couple of people tried to come in and out but the door was locked, so that was a little distracting.  

Our server, Lenny I believe was his name, was very friendly and informative.  There were so many people that came to our table giving us water refills and bread and clearing our plates.  Lenny helped me pair a wine with my dinner.  My wife ordered the duck ravioli as an appetizer and I had the lobster bisque.  The lobster bisque was phenomenal, every bit as good as the previous yelpers have proclaimed.  And the duck raviolis were excellent as well.  The ravioli was cooked perfectly, just aldente enough so that it had a nice chew, the way I like my pasta cooked.

For dinner, my wife had the lobster and prosciutto wrapped prawns.  Both were so flavorful because they were braised in butter, which adds flavor every time.  I had the scallops over a bed of rainbow cauliflower and some sauce.  The sauce was a little too citrusy  for me and the scallops were almost better without it.  There were also a couple pieces of black garlic, which I forgot was in the dish.  So when I took a bite of one not knowing what it was, that sent my mouth into shock and I immediately had to wash it down with water.  Minus that, both dishes were very good.

After dinner, we walked out onto the patio and down to the bar section to take some pictures with the city in the background.  The weather was amazing and we were so lucky to have the cityscape as our backdrop.  Dinner was a little pricey but I was glad we could share a fancy dinner on a special occasion.
Café Ga Hyang was the placed picked for the 5th meet up for the International Supper Club UYE, and I have to say I am extremely thankful for all those who attend!! You guys are amazing!!! Thank you!!

Ok like I said Café Ga Hyang was the placed picked, and when I originally called to make reservations for the group, I requested 14, but by the time it was dinner, we had grown to 18!!! Had to have an extra table added to us! Café Ga Hyang was helpful in that and didn't really make a fuss about it!

This was my 1st time ever for Korean food, so I was very unsure of what to order, so after looking at the menu I decided to go with Bul Goki, which was sliced beef marinated in a soy sauce base of sorts on a bed of grilled onions, came with a side of steam rice too. In my head I was thinking oh this is like fajitas and I like fajitas. The dish came out piping hot! And I have to say, it was very good!

Our server, whom I figured was also owner, was kind of gruff, not so much with the amount of people, just with everything I guess, but sometimes she would come across mad and not listening to you, but then friendly and helpful. I just was not trying to rock the boat haha, the little side dishes came out and she placed them on the table but told us not to eat them, they are for when our food comes out, but some tested the gods and took some of the tofu before our food came out, we were making jokes saying the soup nazi will kick you out! 

Over all it was a great experience, I would go back and try different dishes, everything looked amazing! it was a great meet up  for the International Supper Club!
We have been to bluburger twice now & have not been disapointed. I love all the combinations of meat, cheese & condiments. I had a kobe beef burger w/ cheddar, roasted red pepper mayo, carmelized onions, and more!
Truly a delicious burger, as gourmet as a burger in chandler can get!
Oh, they also have a full bar!
The service here was fantastic and personable and you can tell they care about the food they serve.

I ordered a steak sandwich and it was hot and good.

The only reason I didn't give a full 5 stars was because they don't take credit cards and I didn't see a bathroom anywhere. But if you want fantastic food at a simple, relaxing deli...can't go wrong here!
Ask for Simon!  He makes the most unique and inventive drinks.  My boyfriend and I went there last weekend and I had no idea what to get so I asked for something with Ginger and Simon whipped up a drink (not on the menu) and it was delicious!  If you love Ginger, you must ask Simon to make this drink.  The bar is very quiet and they had an amazing selection of music.  I kept Shazaming the songs with my iPhone app.  We'll be back next weekend!
Nice rooms at a reasonable price.

This location is 5 years old at the time of this review yet it looks newer than that. All of the amenities that you could want and everything appears to be clean and well kept. The room was spacious and well appointed with plenty of pillows and toiletries. There was also a microwave, refrigerator, and a coffee pot. If you have service needs you may want to look elsewhere as there doesn't seem to be much in the way of staff but I didn't have any problems.

The full breakfast in the lobby cafe was good @ about $13 and you may want to look for rates that include breakfast to save a couple $'s.
This place is amazing, located in a house off Baseline Road in the middle of nowhere this place is a rare find.  The ambiance is very quaint, laid back yet you would not feel uncomfortable coming in all dressed up either.  We visited in the summer so we sat in the main dining room and did not check out the patio, will save that for the next visit.  There were half priced bottles of wine on special for the summer which were an awesome deal.   

As for the food, everything we had here was fantastic, from the burrata appetizer to the wild boar pasta (home made), you got the feeling that you could close your eyes and pick a dish at random and they'd all be amazing.  Service was also spot on, they were attentive and able to answer any questions about the menu.

I'd recommend saving this place for a special occasion, if you just end up going on a random night, you'll have a tough time beating the experience when that anniversary or birthday does come up!
We went to the movie right door , we just decided to try it out. The place was cute love the patio especially with the great weather we are having . The server where trying to figure who was going to take our order , finally we got a server . It took  about 40 minutes to get our burgers. They were ok .  I did had to send mine back to cook some more it was rare.Our bill came to  $36 for 2 burger,fries, and 2 sodas. Are you serious!!!
My wife and I went for lunch yesterday.  Really cool decor, perhaps a bit much for some guys, but definite points for originality.  The Lunch menu was varied but not overwhelming.  The skirt steak looked interesting but we were told it had been eliminated due to prep issues, bummer.  Overall the wine list was disappointing, although I did like the concept of a few really special wines by the glass, although at $35 per we passed.
Wifey had the Kobe Cheeseburger and I had Shrimp Scampi.  Both were good, although neither were memorable.  
The service was terrific all around.  
We'll check it out again for dinner...
Great place to go for lunch.    They are always busy; service is excellent and the food good.     Their sandwiches are especially good.   Highly recommend.       You will not be disappointed.         If you enjoy looking at pictures it is a great place to see important people.
Fast, efficent sandwich making here. Not much as far as "service", cashier took order and moved me along. Minute later I was out the door. Works for me.
This place from the outside looks pretty old, but on the inside it's pretty nice as far as bowling alleys go.  

A few times we had to wait in line for the late night bowling thingy to start, you know where they play music and videos and turn the lights down. Rock and roll bowling or Disco bowling, I don't know, I forgot what they call it.

Food, no thank you, seems pretty typical pre-made deep fried stuff.

Beer and bowling are always good.   They put a ice container in the pitcher to keep your beer cold, but it displaces about one 12oz beer so you kinda get ripped off ----but at least the beer is cold!

I'd like to be more like The Dude from the Big Lebowski every time I go bowling, "that rug really tied the room together, did it not?".
DISAPPOINTMENT NAMED SALAD.  I've been going to Houston's for 23 years (I started young) and I've been getting the same dish EVERY single time.  Why?  Because it's great EVERY single time.  Never have to worry.  Except this time.

I usually split the salad with someone along with the artichoke dip.  Dip = great.  Salad = Worst.  When did we change it up and add corn?   And the portion was the size of a side salad.  Side salad?  Really?  Are we that pretentious Hillstone?  And never mind about mentioning the difference of proportion to your waiter.  It doesn't go anywhere.  Which was another first.  

All in all, a Debbie Downer of a meal at the sorta new Houstons.
I read some other reviews about how this place makes you feel comfortable and the staff being very friendly and having good conversation while getting your cut.  Now I haven't been to a barber in years so I'm not sure if this is the norm or not but here's my experience.  

I walk in around 1:30 on a Wednesday there's one guy getting a haircut in there. I walk in a get a hello from  the barber and that's it.  So I sit down and grab a magazine.  There's some morning show on the tv, but given that it was a Wednesday afternoon I let it slide.  The guy getting his hair cut and the barber seemed to know each other well, and were having a good conversation.  A minute later another guy walks in, seemed to be another friend of the two guys and they all start talking.  About 10 min later some guy comes from the back room and asks "who's next" I got up and said hi, and i got a half hearted hi in return.  Now I had longer hair and as I said hadn't been to a barber in some time, so mostly I has going for a trim and to get it into some sort of style.  The guy asks how short I want it and I told him I wanted it kept fairly long.  He gives me a puzzled look, and then says "so about a inch to a half inch past the ear?" Sure I tell him.  He begins cutting.  He tries to ask me questions and I try to give him answers but our conversations end up going nowhere and there are long periods of silence throughout the hair cut.  Also, the entire time he is smacking his gum in my ear.  Eventually we get on the topic of fantasy football and stumble through that. Turns out he doesn't know much about football.  I tell him I also have a fantasy basketball team. He doesn't watch basketball.  I try to mention baseball in there just to see if I can get him to bite on something, but it turns out he doesn't know much about that either.  So much for the great conversation, what kind of barber doesn't know anything about sports?

As for the hair cut, remember I told him I wanted it left longer, and we agreed on that?  Guess he forgot, because my hair was much shorter than I had planned on it being.  It wasn't a terrible haircut but definitely not what I was hoping for.  At the end of it I get out of the chair and he stares at me a bit before telling me it's $12.  Needless to say I was pretty happy to get out of there. 

Maybe it was the guy I got, or maybe that's just the way they run things at Ray's, but it was a pretty disappointing experience.  Seemed like he didn't have a clue as to other hair styles, and just went with his standard.  I don't think I'll be going back.
Wow that place was unreal. Not much on the inside, but I was looking for good food not entertainment, and that's what I got. Everything I ate was great. The salsa and guac. were different than any I have ever eaten. The Carne Asada was as good as advertised, and to top it off I went with the raspado, which I have never had before. I asked the nice lady that owns the place what flavor she recommended, she made me a pina colada version that I would have eaten until I exploded. It was the perfect end to a perfect meal. I will be back whenever I am in town.
The place was nice.  We sat at the window by the outside tables, so we were inside but feeling like we were outside.  =)  I ordered the chicken torta lunch with french fries.  It was ok.  Nothing to dance around about.  The service was ok too.  So so....
Ok, I created an account specifically to reply to some of these idiots who post on here. First of all, no one microwaves the meat at Med Fresh. They cook it right in front of you. Second of all, I am a chef specializing in a fusion of Mediterranean and other cuisines, and they do it right here. 

The food is very authentic. I don't know where "Paul R." went, but the salad is excellent there. Comprising of only romaine lettuce, fresh tomato, red onion and their excellent dressing, it is as simple as a salad needs to be without missing out on ingredients (and taste). What crunched in his mouth was probably the fresh produce on the salad. 

There is no Mexican hot sauce on the pita bread, it is a roasted red pepper puree of some sort, and is completely native to the flavors popular in Turkey. Clearly, the previous reviewer Paul either is completely void of any knowledge of food critique, or he is incapable of enjoying a good meal. Whichever of these is true, however, is irrelevant because it is clear that he has no real insight on the great food to be offered at Med Fresh.

The garlic/horseradish spread is excellent. I personally love the Chicken Kebabs and the rice there as well. I like to take a pita half, spread the garlic spread on it, put some rice and red onion on and top it off with chicken, roll it up and eat it like a mini chicken gyro! This flavor combination is unmatched by many local mediterranean restaurants. 

Don't be scared by some of these reviews, take it from me and I promise that you will not be disappointed. I have been to Med Fresh approximately 10 times and I have never once had a bad experience. Oh and if you're in a hurry, I wouldn't necessarily recommend Med Fresh. It does take some time to get your food, but again, no one is claiming that it's fast food. 

Thanks for reading.
I was a little disappointed. My daughter and I showed up, paid to get in and wandered for about an hour. It was interesting but nothing mindblowing. Many of the exhibits were locked. Maybe only accessible on the guided tour... which I was never offered. When we we went to leave we found all the employees hanging out in the gift shop. Other yelpers have described it as good for kids. I didn't experience this. Most of what we saw was simply pictures on the wall and models. There were some actual flight suits and pieces of various shuttles but not much. Unless I find some special event going on I probably won't be back...
Paid $13 for a Reuben with a salad. It was okay. It did not make me want to go back. Next time I park in the schlotsky's I will go there as badly as I hate giving m money to chains.
I wanted to like Cactus Bikes in ahwatukee and be a frequent customer because I like to support locally owned businesses...but as a consumer I still expect value and decent service.

I've rented a bike there and liked the guys working there - a guy nicknamed "Fish" helped me out and is a good guy. Went back a couple months later to buy some clipless pedals for a bike a purchased elsewhere (almost purchased from them, but found their prices on used rentals way too high and found a better value online).

New to Mountain Biking I still wanted a local bike shop for service and accessories and was looking for advice and ended up buying a used pair of pedals that they recommended.

Got home, did some reviews on the pedals and found out that not only were they OLD models that are no longer sold, they had HORRIBLE reviews AND I OVERPAID - - THEY CHARGED ME FULL RETAIL for used merchandise!!! I could have gotten much better pedals, new, online or on ebay for half the price.

So I took them back less than 24 hours for a refund...and then I learned of the consumer dreaded "RETURNS FOR STORE CREDIT ONLY". 

In my opinion, this is just bad business and virtually gauranntees that I won't be back. I can't blame the guys working there...they're just employees and follow orders - not their fault. I do hope the owner reads this and changes their policy...

So the employees did what they could within the narrow boundaries set by the owner, tried to help but I just wasn't happy, they exchanged them for another pair of used pedals they had in stock. In this economy I like to feel good about the money I spend...and I left Cactus Bikes feeling like they got the best of me.
Solid little restaurant. Had the fresh tostada salad with fire grilled chicken for 5bucks. The meal was large enough for two. Start with an oversize tortilla, choice of beans, romaine lettuce, pico de gallo, tortilla strips, sour cream, cilantro lime vinaigrette dressing. It's a good place.
It's like Mexican food without being super greasy. Else everything is good here. Service is good as well.  Wish this place was bigger that's all.
Ponchos is an average to good place to get take out or eat in Mexican-AMERICAN food. That is to say It is fried, topped with cheese, and not to complex. The prices are good and the service is fast and because of this is a staple in South Phoenix.
We went here while visiting our son and grandson in Phoenix

I cant say that I was too impressed with the meal. I got a beef tamale and 2 beef enchiladas which were OK but far from anything special. The Fiedo was pretty tasty and we both thought that the chips and salsa were good, especially the flour ones.

Will we go back, possibly during happy hour for the free buffet and because the chips and salsa here are very tasty.
Not impressed. The coffee is awful! Shouldn't it taste fresh brewed in the early a.m.? For some reason I decided to get a breakfast bagel sandwich which was nothing special. Most importantly though, the service sucked. We were the only ones in line but the girl behind the counter said to us 3 times, I can help you down here when you're ready. Okay, I get it! I don't see what her point was though cause she was rude and pushy when we did finally place an order.
I went here today for lunch, with my 3 kids.  The kids meal prices were steep I thought at 5 bucks, but like the yelper below me stated, you get plenty of food, and I actually only bought two kids meals for my 3 kids, and they didn't even finish them, they were so full.  The kids thought it was great, I got the bbq slider and chicken strips for the kiddos.  I didn't go for bbq, I was going to, but then I noticed that they had a bacon wrapped deep fried dog with coleslaw on the menu.  I love coleslaw, and have never tried a dog made like that, so I had to give it a try.  The bread was nothing to hooo hawww about, but dog was fantastic, and the coleslaw is great!  What a good combo!  I will go back to order there family meal, which sounds like a great deal!  It would be better if they had more sides, but on the other hand, when a place only has a few things to choose from, those few things are usually great!  I also noticed on the menu were fried pickles, not my cup of tea, but I know they are popular in the midwest, and they also had deep fried cheese curds!  I thought the decor was great, very relaxing, yes it was a little bit "head shopish" but, it's not over bearing, and I thought it was unique.  I don't go to eat somewhere for the decor anyway, I go for the good food!
I'm a Realtor and I had recently finished showing a Buyer Townhomes and Condos in Downtown Phoenix. I was looking for a good healthy place for lunch, and I of course pulled out my phone and turned to Yelp for their recommendations. Coronado Cafe came up as one of the highest ranked in the area and they did not disappoint.

Located within a 1920's built house this charming cafe served up some of the best lunch time fare that I've had in sometime. Not only that but they have wonderful Bloody Marys that were only $3. I went with a half sandwich and side salad. My sandwich was the Pest Chicken and it was delicious as was the salad. My business partner is from Baltimore and when he heard the waiter state that they have the best crab cakes in town he naturally ordered them. He, being an expert on crab, was immediately transported back home with his first bite. After speaking with the owner we discovered that he too is from Baltimore and has the crabs flown in special for his crab cakes. So if you're a crab cake lover or simply a lover of good food Coronado Cafe is a must stop for you.
staff friendly,  overall very clean restaurant, food was fast and great tasting.......Manager  Justin  very upbeat , people person... we will be back !! Thanks
Given the dearth of German restaurants in the greater Phx area, this is about as good as it gets.

Had the sausage sampler.  The krakauer wurst was pretty unique.  The bratwurst was good too, but brats usually have a pretty low bar to clear to be good.

Had the Schweizer Schnitzel as a main course.  Very good.

The meal came with a cup of soup of the day, which in this case was mushroom.  Very good.

You can't eat ambiance/decor so I generally don't care about things like that but if the owners have a spare dollar or two they may want to paint the place and replace the drop ceiling.  Neither of those things will keep me away but they may want to look into those things.
After driving from San Diego, California to Phoenix, Arizona.  I went here needing an overdue oil change and to get my tires checked.  The owners were a nice couple who moved to Arizona from Rhode Island.  The husband does all the work on the cars and his wife takes care of the customers in front.  A very cool down to earth couple.  They are great.  
I noticed that the wife also sells Avon products.  She had a little room displaying her items for sale.  When I was there women were coming in for their Avon needs.  I thought it was cool.  Didn't seem to interrupt the car repair part of the business at all.
After my car was done.  I was happy with the service.  The place was fast, friendly and my bill was reasonably priced.  I would definitely trust my car with them again.  If your looking for a honest garage to take your car.  This is your place.
For a chain restaurant, this one is pretty good. I've had a bunch of items on their menu and are never disappointed. For the friendly service, great food and location, I will gladly spend a few more bucks for a fabulous dining experience. For date night or just a night out, go here!
Magic  Chicken Mole (Chicken in a Chocolate BBQ sauce), best in AZ I've had so far. Ordered the Mole, Ropa Vieja (zesty & hearty) combo, wife had the Tenga (chicken/red sauce) and daughter had Camarones al Ajo (Shrimp in Garlic sauce) and our guest the Chipotle Steak. I love it when I find an unexpected gem. Bookmarked this one for a return trip.
2 stars for kid-friendly. Taco salad shell was not crispy, which is half the fun. Kids Menu fruit is actually a Dole fruit cup. To be fair, the menu did not specify "fresh" fruit.
Three of us went for lunch on a Sunday at 24th & Baseline. The place was pretty empty. We all ordered the all you can eat soup and salad.  It took forever to get our food so when the order finally came, we put in our second oder.  The next round finally came (which again, took forever)  and we did not get breadsticks this time.  I advised that we did not get breadsticks and we were told we only get one on the first order.  Please note, that if you read their menu, it states,  ALL you can eat, Soup, Salad AND Breadsticks.  They should read their own menu.  Won't go back. poor service, lack of knowledge.   They need a new training program/management team. I have experienced poor service at ALL Applebees.   usually a manager comes around and asks if everything is okay.  NO sign of a manager at all.
This is a cozy Italian restaurant near Arizona State University.  The prices are reasonable for those of us on a budget.  The food isn't spectacular, but it's what you might expect from a run-of-the-mill Italian restaurant.  The service is usually very good. Overall, a good place to go if you're looking for Italian that's not Old Spaghetti or Olive Garden.
I'm originally from the midwest and for some reason we don't have places like this there.  Yogurtland was heaven for me.  I love making my own ice cream and love lots and lots of "stuff" in my ice cream.  I hated going to Coldstone and other places where they controlled how much was in my ice cream.
Since I've lived here for awhile now I've experienced other places similar to this and sorry but Mojo's and Cherry on Top ain't got nothing on Yogurtland.  Mojo's sucks and is expensive.  Yogurtland is inexpensive and their frozen yogurt flavors are amazing!  And added bonus when I don't feel like being a fat child I can make a really yummy healthy treat from the low-fat/low-sugar yogurts and fruit.  LOVES IT
I really really wanted to love this place.  It comes highly recommended by so many people here on yelp plus it is located in a great spot.   I liked Dr Ryan right away on our first visit.  I was hesitant about her because she is so young but she won me over by the end of our visit.  I decided the 30 minute wait must have been just an emergency issue and chalked it off.  

Today was my second visit when I brought our other dog in for his shots.
I had requested Dr Ryan because she had been so good the first time.  When I had to change our appointment a week out I decided to wait a few days longer just so we could get her.  Well, again I was tapping my toes in the exam room.  This time for almost an hour.  I finally told them I had to leave and the staff offered me Dr Dutton who came in right away and gave  the shots.  

Most places, would give you a break on the visit fee or write it off after making you wait almost an hour.  Not them.  Full price.  The fact that people work hard to get to their appointments on time seems to escape some establishments.  Blue Cross is apparently one of them.  Only one person stuck their head in to say she was running late.  Other than that I could have been running a prostitution ring out of that room and no one would have noticed.

Sorry Blue Cross...burn me once shame on you...burn me twice and shame on me.  I won't be returning.  You have nice vets but there are lots of good vets in the valley that will actually value my time and business.
I wouldn't call the Hanger Cafe a 'greasy spoon'...I think it's more like a diner and the food is just great!!  My husband and I go there for the burgers, but everything else I've had is wonderful too!  It's at the Chandler Municipal Airport and we love watching the planes take off and land.  The wait staff is very friendly and efficient.  We love this place and everywhere else we go for a burger is always compared to 'the airport burgers'!!  Everybody I've sent there has given it rave reviews too!
I have given this establishment a nickname after eating here.  The "papago's crapfe grill and barf emporium."  Your one stop shopping for a wide array or tasteless overpriced crap that is pushed off as "food."  Eating the food here is similar to most experiences I have had at the DMV.  The selection is terrible, I can generally find more food to eat at a Toys R us than I can find here.  I wish this place served alcohol so I could get drunk enough to be able to choke down this prison grade crap.  The only satisfaction I get when I have eaten here is trying to throw away some of their very limited condiments or a food tray.  The people working here have the personality of robots (like one in an auto manufacturing plant, not the cool funny one Johnny Five from the movie "Short Circuit")

If your stuck working in the building it is located in, you are limited for options around there.  I would suggest going out to your car and eating the upholstery on your seat.  It will be a much more rewarding experience for you.

DO NOT eat at the salad bar.  Unless you have 2-3 hours later in the day to spend in the can.  Make sure to bring a snowcone to wipe your ass with afterwards.  You think I am kidding?  I dare you to tempt fate if you think I am fabricating this fact.  The daily specials they have are also a good indicator of what is about to spoil the next day.

To sum up my eating experiences at the papago's cafe grill & deli is much like having the UPS man deliver a long awaited package of disappointment.  

Plus the prices suck ass beyond belief.
Great place! Usually you'll have 15-20 minutes to kill, but it's worth the wait. Everything is delicious. Everyone is smiling. I love eating there. 

The strawberry Belgian waffle and apple pancake are both ridiculously awesome. The skillets are tasty too. We were there again today and Willie was our server - nicest guy ever.
Facial was good, message was average...although the scented oils were phenomenal smelling, nice key code lockers (what a pain it would have been to keep track of a key during spa day) , cucumber water and trail mix between sessions, breathtaking view. They DO not do acrylic nails :( other than that...lovely, but iv had better. The real gem of the talking stick is the roof top restaurant Orange Sky! Go at night, you will LOVE it!
I had never heard of The Arrogant Butcher until last week when some friends and I were trying to decide where to meet for lunch. Needless to say, we chose somewhere else... so when I saw a Meetup group doing a happy hour here, I thought it was the perfect time to try it!

We ended up get the pretzel bread balls and fondue and the hummus. Both were amazing! The hummus was a little spicier than I thought it was going to be, but it was actually quite flavorful.

I kinda wished we stayed for dinner since there was so many things on the menu that sounded delicious. I'd definitely go back and try more!
I do like this place, and after having breakfast at The Farm House next door I now have a greater appreciation for Liberty Market.
This is so much more than a store, it's an experience!

I had some errands to run and the munchkin was SO over it, UNTIL she saw we were heading to Cabela's :)
Turns out she loves the place! I've been a few times, but I had never had the full tour as provided by my know-it-all-8-year-old-superstar guide ;) 

Here's the lay of the land; 

Aquarium- When you walk in, to the right, in the fishing area there is a small aquarium with different kinds of fish. If you get lucky you will see an employee all dressed in their scuba gear cleaning the tanks.... believe it or not, it's very entertaining to watch, lol. My niece and I also really enjoyed looking for sea turtles. 

Mountain Animals are along the entire back, between the stairs. They might be stuffed, they might be fake, who knows! All I know is that it's a great pic opportunity :D

Museum- back of the store in the far left corner (1st floor) there is a small deer museum that has different kinds of deer and other critters (bear, porcupine, etc). It's informative and interesting. 

Big Animal Exhibit- front left corner, just past the cash registers. There is a little open room that has an elephant, a gazelle and some others. Very cool! 

There's a restaurant and game upstairs in the back. 

Seriously, great place to spend a few hours! :)
This is the location I went to before I moved to WA, where Dick's Drive In is probably the equivalent, minus the fish. 3 stars because it's not stellar, but it's not bad. Reliable home of the Monster Burger, before Jack in the Box stole the name and put E Coli on the map. 

The service and food were always good and predictable, and I never got sick from eating at Pete's. A lot of 5 star joints can't make that claim.
It's a half mile away, I can run in and out in a  few minutes without aisles and aisles of streamlining children and preening mommies, there are lots of really, really good deals, and the guy who cooks up the samples (I'm embarrassed I forgot his name) has some great ideas.
What more can you ask for???  OK, OK, if you like to inspect each apple, choose from 12 varieties of granola, etc., you won't like it.  
For example, choices of apples are usually four packs of either Gala, Fuji, or Granny Smith.  Take or leave.  BTW, the Fujis are usually the best.
The F&E brand items are hit or miss, mostly hit.  I like the F&E putenesca sauce.  Come to think of it, there have been a few "misses" but I cannot remember them... (remember the over 40 bit, Ok?).  The olive tapenade tastes straight out of an Italian deli, the stuffed baked potatoes are a great meal in a pinch.  The giant boxes of mixed salad greens are a staple in our house.
The meat selection is pretty darn extensive - a variety of pork and beef cuts, sausages, and sometimes even lamb. They have chicken also, but since I am allergic to it I never paid it much attention.  The cooked shrimp makes a good quick meal - either get a package that includes the cocktail sauce packets or get a bottle from the condiments aisle (the F&E brand is surprisingly good).  The tilapia is excellent.  Grill with a  little salt and olive oil. 
For ease and budget-tending, I love F&E.  Tip:  Avoid Sundays, as that is when their stock is lowest.
Food here is fantastic, service needs a lot of help.  From the hostess who doesn't have control to servers who aren't managing their tables.  That said, if you are looking for good food and have an hour or so for breakfast or lunch, this is a don't miss in the east valley.  The bonus is patio seating.  Just bring your patience.
For years I have searched for a great school for my children. I was looking for a school that employed teachers who not only acknowledged my children's strengths, but helped them strengthen their weaknesses. I was looking for a school who taught children, not just so they can pass the AIMS tests, but  because a great education is an absolute priority. My children went from school to school and I did not have any luck in finding the school that I was looking for....until I found Paideia.  Paideia Academy of South Phoenix is that school. Not only do I feel that Paideia does everything in their power to make sure that my children grow up to be successful and wonderful individuals, I am also made to feel as though I am a part of a family. Teachers are in constant contact with me about my children's progress. Dr. Winsor is absolutely wonderful and has a passion for what he does. I have four children that attend Paideia and next year I will have five that attend. I am, and my children are, so blessed because of Paideia. 

I am proud to be a member of Paideia Academy's family.
This place is okay as far as this sort of thing goes.  I had an aunt interred here from 1960 to 2009 when they had her remains moved to the Chandler Cemetery to be next to her husband, my uncle.  When she passed away from asthma and cancer the Chandler Cemetery hadn't been formed yet.  Here, she was in a "vault" I think they call it.  They were stacked about 4-6 high along a wall.  I like where she is now better, near my uncle and cousin.  The actual grounds, outside the mausoleum, are green and lush.
I just got back from dinner at Nee House as we had a really good experience! 

It is very very clean.  There were mostly Asians in here eating and that to me is a big plus.  BIG PLUS.

Our food was delicious.  We ordered the Moo Shu pork and the House Chow Fun.  How can you not enjoy something called "Chow Fun"?

Anyhow, the staff was very nice, quick and let me mention again how clean the dining room was.  

We will be back for sure to try more items on their menu.
I think I am really going to be utilizing this location quite a bit over the next year for ink for my new Brother printer I purchased on Black Friday. Living Social had a great deal for Office Max today for example for 10 bucks you get 20 bucks toward Ink and Toner. The staff is very friendly.....and there were several on staff today due to the Black Friday rush. However with that being said I think they are always courteous and nice despite Black Friday and I will keep you updated if that changes because like I said I will probably be seeing them a lot in the future. They have Ink and Toner for just about any printer......all-in-one.....whether it be laser....inkjet....and I believe they do refills but I will have to double check on that. The prices are very good....however I probably will give Amazon.com a shot first because they have some very good deals on my ink as well. If I don't want to wait however for it to be shipped to me....it is nice to know I can walk to office max and get some in a pinch.....and for a decent price. Eat, Drink and Be Merry my Friends!!!!!
We are moving out of state and I do have to say that one of the hardest things will be leaving Akai Hana!! This is by far the best sushi restaurant I have ever been to and it's because of a combination of things. The pricing is great, the fish is fresh, the service is amazing, it is family owned, and they ALWAYS seem to have happy hour... We will be back to visit, I PROMISE!! Favorites include the Japanese Dynamite and Blue Flame!
My partner and I stopped in for the first time tonight. The food was wonderful!
The service on the other hand was a bit spotty. Server forgot my beer. Our entrees took quite awhile to arrive. A couple who were seated after us (by just a couple minutes) received their entrees well before us. They were almost finished by the time ours arrived.
Jessica rocks!  She has been doing my cuts for about two years now.  I'm not a big team sports guy, and would like to see some sort of racing instead, but that's no big deal.  The cuts are great, the new prices leave me more satisfied, and cause me to leave a larger tip.  Good all around!
Had the Salmon & Tuna sushi and is was amazing. Some of the best sushi I've had in the Valley.   The sushi was generous, and very fresh (can't really ask for much more at a sushi place).  The also seem to have an assortment of rolls that are on special from Sunday-Thursday night, but the sushi was so filling, I couldn't eat any more.  The place was very busy, and the staff was very attentive.
A really great restaurant, both to impress a business associate or just to enjoy some good food!
Haus Murphy's is fun place place to go for German meals and it has a lot of fans.  I found them to be a little dated with their decor and their food is usually cooked well done or over cooked.  Their service is A~OK.

Food feedback:
Apps ~ 
Sausage Sampler, Bratwurst/Krakauerwurst served over a bed of homemade Sauerkraut is tasty! 
Potato Cakes,  served with a side of Apple Sauce and sour cream was a bit overcooked very dry. 
The Giant Bavarian Pretzel Imported 10oz. salted Pretzel is highly over rated and was not cooked evenly. 

Meals ~ 
Their beef & pork sausages are all served over their homemade sauerkraut with German potato Salad or fries.
Bier Bratwurst - Beef-Pork Sausage is good.
German Bratwurst - Pork Sausage is bland.
Krakauer Wurst - Polish spicy Beef-Pork Sausage is awesome! 

Their Schnitzel's are good but again overcooked at times. I preferred their Steak Schnitzel topped with a Gorgonzola cheese and Roasted Onion Sauce.  Served with German Fried Potatoes and Bacon Roasted Green Beans. 

Beers~
Spaten Lager or Weihenstephan Hefeweizen are best, you cant go wrong here.
Whoa, I hadn't been here since my high school days.

A Coke Freestyle machine? Neat! Electric reclining seats so relaxing I feel like I could just sleep through the entire film--and sometimes I do!

Of course, some things never change. It is a mall, so expect roving packs of rabid teenagers both within and without the theater.
Dean and Heidi are fantastic restauranteurs. Dean has well honed palate for flavor combinations and is never satisfied with the status-quo. 

He has elevated the humble pasty (comfort food for coal miners) into collection of international meals enclosed in pastry. I have eaten 90% of the pasty menu and every single pasty was well crafted and bursting with flavor. My favorites are: Lamb Vindaloo, Chicken Tikka, Lovely Bit 'O Salmon, and Bangers+Mash. Always ask for double sauce!

There is a fine line-up of beer on tap, including hard to find ones like Dogfishhead 90 Min IPA. I usually do Guinness or a Black+Tan, all poured properly.

It's fun to watch staff make the pasties. They are a tattooed, funky bunch -- you will never find a more gracious group or more dedicated to getting the product right, though.

I enjoy the Mesa location with family, but prefer the grittier "coal mine-like" atmosphere of the original Tempe location if I'm alone or with the guys.
Went for lunch with a friend. We love the quick, hot, and good lunch. She had the chicken parm, it came with a salad and pasta. She was super happy with the food. I got the white pizza with sausage. It was good, but I was missing the tomato sauce on my pizza, so I guess I am not a white pizza girl. White pizza = cheese and oil olive. I love their classic pizza = cheese and tomato sauce. It was more than enough for lunch. YUM. The server was awesome, love her.
I met a friend for lunch on a Friday mid-day.  Weather was beautiful so we sat outside.  Great and very attentive service.  I was surprised at the number of lunch combo options - the only issue is most of them come with a spicy tuna roll (never been a fan) and sashimi.  It would be nice to see combos of multiple rolls offered.  When we got our food though I was again pleasantly surprised at how large the dish was (I got the sashimi combo, changed the roll to a Philly Roll and then had 3 of each Salmon, Ahi, and Yellowtail sashimi) - it was more than enough to fill me up.  The happy hour wine pricing from 11-6 is a fabulous feature of this restaurant!

Overall, we had a very nice experience, I would choose lunch over dinner just because of price.
I was in this bar on Sunday at noon.  There were a total of 5 people sitting at the bar, which was fine with me, because I really just want ed a quick bite to eat and a beer.

The place was very dark, just as it should be.  The bartender was attentive (and since she wasn't that busy, it would have irritated me if she wasn't).

The beer was cold, the food was decent.

I had the fish and chips, and my buddy had the rueben.  Both were well done bar food.  Nothing special, but nothing to complain about either.  Goldilocks bar food--Just Right.

1 small pitcher of Bud light
1 pint Kilt Lifter
1 rueben
1 fish and chips

Bill was $24 + $6 tip = $30 total.  $15 each.  Not bad.

The place was clean enough that I'd eat there again.  It would have been nice if they were still serving breakfast at noon on a Sunday.  Why, because it is Sunday, and breakfasts can also be lunch.  It is called brunch.
I love this place! 
its really fun to watch the cooks make the food right in front of you 
for appetizer i had California Rolls (which i recommend) 
Saki (its OK but i personally don't care for rare-ish meat 
for entree i had Spicy Hibachi Chicken with cucumbers, Chicken Fried rice ( THE BEST RICE) some onions and mushrooms 
it was Very tasty and superb service!
I'm updating my review based on an other incredible meal at Coup Des Tartes on this past Thursday night.  I went with a party of nine. Most of our group ordered off of the Yelp Eats menu, but I mixed it up a bit and ordered off the regular menu instead (hence my review here instead of under the "Yelp Eats" listing).

I started with the Roquefort Salad (the house specialty) - it was just as amazing as I remembered.  My fiance was literally "foodgasming" over the onion tarte appetizer (and I admit, my bite of that was pretty amazing) but the perfectly dressed salad filled with organic greens, roasted apples, toasted hazelnuts, dried figs & Premier Cru Roquefort had me pretty much there myself!

The entrees at the table were pretty amazing too... I tasted the lamb (yum!) and the fettucine (delicious) - but I ordered the baby scallop appetizer with a side of spinach as my entree and I was extremely happy with my selection.  

I actually kept my mouth shut during the dessert course, but from the looks of the various tarte selections at the table and how quickly they disappeared, it's safe to say that none were too shabby.  There were no complaints at our table.

We love that Coup Des Tartes is BYOB - just a $9 corkage.  Our friends brought a Riesling from Germany, we added a Turley to the mix, and enjoyed a bottle Bordeaux as well.

Rhiannon, our waitress, took great care of our party, and we cannot wait to return again and again!
Great lunch place- I've been to this location a few times for lunch and it's always slow enough to get in and out of but not so slow you are skeeved out to eat there. 

The lunch specials are the right size, the right price and they are fast. If you want to hang out for a while they keep filling up your tea (the best way to get in good with me) or if you gotta run, they hook it up. 

I think most everyone already knows the Streets of NY menu and the food here lives up. Good stuff, consistent, fresh and yummy. 

That is all!
Bridgett's Last Laugh is what it is - and it is great.

It's a dive bar that has awesome trivia on Wednesdays and Thursdays, surprisingly good food (get the pulled pork tacos) and great drink specials.

Want to go somewhere in your sweatpants, drink a few beers, eat a few wings, and chill out - go here.

Also - Breakfast is served all day long.  Nothing like french toast and a 32 oz beer.
Way overpriced and there's a Safeway right down the street from this location.  This location, as well as the one on Washinton St., think they are in Times Square, New York City and can charge whatever they want.

They forget that this is the valley of the sun where people hop in their car and will drive 5 miles just to go to a Dairy Queen.

So if you want to save some money, go elsewhere.  The locations are convenient, but it doesn't justify how high their prices are.   $12+ for a dozen "organic trash bags," is ridiculous.  $3+ for Chapstick?  $7.99 for mediocre deodorant?   Get real CVS.
This place is very true to its name-very retro, very metro. The prices were a bit high but all of their items are truly unique. FLW pieces, Eames airport benches, etc. Great spot for someone looking for a specific designer who has some spare cash they need to burn. 

The owners were super friendly and the location was super cute! It's a little hard to find but once you do, it's a treat. The only reason I'm not giving them more stars is the prices are more than I can afford.
Aren't businesses supposed to want your money/clientele?  It's really annoying that I drove all the way there with my 3 day pass to try this place out based on some good reviews and the lady at the front desk wouldn't even let me in because my ID has my old Tucson address.  Really Lady?  Obviously I just moved here and would have loved to make this my new Phoenix gym, but now no.
Fun place! The staff is awesome, very friendly and efficient. Food is very good--I especially enjoy the hummus plate and the grilled cheese with tomato soup. Drinks are very reasonably priced. Great atmosphere and a perfect choice for happy hour!
Yum, Yum and Yummy!  Okay, I went here with a deal coupon but I've stayed due to the awesomeness of the food.  Waiters Nicole and Bill are super  and since becoming gluten free I am so obsessed with ANY business that carries a gf bun........but one that doesn't charge for it?  Uh, love them!  Oh, but that is not all............currently they have a Monday night special to DIE FOR!  Any burger and fries for $5!  No upcharge still on the gf bun.  Sweet Potato fries (they are coated my gf buddies-but they don't bother me) are fantastic and the curry dip divine.  Each Monday a different burger is added  to the line up and it keeps it so exciting!

The rest of the menu is very good and I even go on other days!  The only downside is that all the surfaces are hard and the noise can be a little over-powering.  However, the food more than makes up for it.  The whole look of the place is very cool as well.  I'd love to live there!
Groupon lured me in here, and I'm so glad! I'm not that "into" burgers, but my sweetie is, so I couldn't pass up the deal. The place is very clean and cool looking with the brightly painted murals on the wall. I liked that the menu wasn't over crowded with random options but still had something for everyone. We both chose build-your-own grass-fed burgers on onion buns, medium rare with different accoutrements. 

Everything turned out great! Burgers were cooked perfectly, just the right amount of toppings applied, and they came out just as we ordered. Plus the servers were on the ball and super friendly. Also great were the sides! I got sweet potato fries but ate more of my dates zucchini fries instead. This worked out bc he ate more of mine than his. I LOVED the zucchini fries SO much, I will go back just for them. A great experience except for one tiny thing. It smelled funny inside! We got used to it eventually, but upon first being seated we both commented on the funny  aroma of the place. Hopefully this is not the norm. I thought it smelled fishy and could be attributed to the salmon patties I saw on the menu, but who knows. I will smell it again next time.
This is an excellent steakhouse with a menu to suit anyone's taste.  It's fine dining without the stuffiness!  They have a nice happy hour every day and I like knowing they provide prime cuts. Also, they have an amazing selection of wines by the glass which I love bc there is something for every one of my moods - they use cool ipads (winepads) that let u actually choose a wine by your mood! Fun!  

The 3 scallops were great added to my yummy petite filet which was the standard 8 oz size.  Flemings potatoes were cheesy scalloped and dee-lish.  Also enjoyed the creamed corn, ...nice and sweet like I had growing up in the east coast summers..  I'm surprised that some people give it low stars just because they say things weren't heavenly...I have to say, the service has always been very friendly and attentive and if you want heavenly-try the choc lava cake:)   mmmm mmm mm!
We arrived during a very busy lunch service. Both the service and the food were hit-or-miss. 

We ordered tea and got water. The appetizers were supposed to be spring rolls (not fried), but what we got were small egg rolls (fried). 

On the upside, the entrées were delicious. My wife had the drunken noodles and I had the red curry with squid. 

We also ordered the sweet rice with mango for dessert. This is one of our favorite Thai desserts. Unfortunately, the rice was overcooked to the point it was all stuck together and was uncuttable with a fork. The sauce was runny. 

Perhaps service and food is better when they are not as busy. Hard to say.
Holy cow I finally found spicy jerk chicken. Do not...I repeat, do not order the jerk chicken and the red diablo together with jerk fried rice, all were delicious, but together it felt like I had swallowed a live wolverine. I love the combinations here.

the girl got teriaki and red jade chicken which i tried and both were also quite yummy.

The only regret I have is not ordering a dozen snickerdoodles to go. Jesus those things taste like angels! We will be back far too often i am sure.
Hawaii in the desert!  Had the Family dinner.  The Macaroni salad,BBQ Chicken, Katsu Chicken, and the Short Ribs are all very good,  the rice was out of this world.  You should put this place on your bucket list for places to eat before you die!!!
Met up here with a large group for HH earlier tonight.  It was my first visit to this new location, and it was pretty busy for a Thursday.  While I might try it again just due to the location, the service was so horrible that it will be a long time before I consider organizing another large group function there.  

I arrived after my group's first round had been served, and I think it was almost 30 minutes before I could get a drink!  Furthermore, one of the guys in our group finally went up to the bar to get a round of drinks since so many of us had been waiting so long, and he was turned around and told to go sit and wait for the server.  Not cool after a long day at the office!  That combined with turning off the misters a bit too early on a hot evening = a one drink and bad first impression HH for me.
First time getting a massage! (Its not as scary as it sounds)

Did the one hour session. Really great head, back, neck, and foot massage. I never thought I'd be paying for a massage, but the prices are reasonable and well worth the expenditure. Liz is great.

And yes, this location is in North Scottsdale, so some clients in the waiting room will definitely be, "Scottsdale People" ...You all know what I mean.
I mean srsly... who doesn't love a communal wash area?!

Liberty Market is easily not only my favorite East Valley Eatery, but just plain hang out spot. The wifi, quality coffee, smiling employees and friendly service are only a fraction of what makes this place awesome. It's attention to detail, delicious eats and creative vibe are second to none. I deeply appreciate how involved they are in the community, and the owner Joe is always a tweet or email away and always has a smile and something nice to say.

I look back fondly on my unemployed summer of '09 as much of it was spent drinking soy lattes at the E61 bar and chatting it up with friends over salads and desert at Liberty Market. 

Joe, keep up the good work!
Had a pulled pork sandwich and fries ... Couldn't have been better. I will go back for the ribs another time.
It's Subway. So, I don't expect much outside of the sandwich itself. So the place is not a place for date night, OK? Well, maybe it'll do if you're a teenager or somethin'. I just go in, order my food, and leave. It's been a long time since I've eaten there and I remember being stressed about it. Nope, it's not the cleanest place around. It's Subway, people. So long as it's sanitary where they fix my food and clean in the bathrooms, I'll be back. Fast, fresh, friendly service gets this place 3 stars. If they offered more variety of chips and kept the tables wiped in a more timely fashion, they'd earn another star.

Bottom line: it's fresh bread, fresh toppings, fast service at a decent price
Came for the afternoon football games, waited 45 minutes until a waitress finally passed our table and informed us that there was a large party outside and they were to busy to help us, go to Zipps across the street instead, much better service there
Been here a few times. The food was good and made to order. It is a nice place with a friendly staff. They give you a nice size portion for what you pay and have a nice variety of pasta, pizzas and entrees to choose from. I will be going back.
Very pleasantly surprised.  I was expecting an ordinary meal, but it was extraordinary!
I can not say enough good things about this resturant. 

My father took me here several weeks ago, for lunch one Saturday afternoon. 
Now, my father loves trying small, locally owned resturants WITHOUT reading reviews on Yelp... so when he picks resturants I am always nervous. 

However, I was completly blown away by this location. 
I had the chili cheese burger, and the chili was the right amount of spice, and the sweet potato tots were to DIE for. 

But the best, BEST part of this resturant, are the sauces. 
(I had no idea what they call them... something-yokie?!) 
But I was literally begging them to start selling the sauces to go, because the chipotle sauce of tasty goodness was so amazing. I dunked my tots, I smothered my burger. 
It was so amazing. 

Additionally, the waitress was bubbily, and fun, and very very attentive. 

This is what a locally owned burger joint should be. 

If I could give this resturant 10 stars I would. 

SELL YOUR SAUCES by the bottle! I'd go broke trying them all :)
I'm always up for going to AZ88!!

This place has been around forever, but I love it every time I come.  I always order some type of chicken dish, and lately it's been the AZ88 chicken.  I love the spicy chicken with the celery with the mayo sauce!  Yummy!  Their strawberry shortcake dessert is also delicious!

My favorite drink there is called "Celebration Champagne".  So good!!  It comes with some type of pop-rocks kind of candy that gets sprinkled in by the waiter when he delivers the drink and it fizzes up.  Love it!
Amazing!!! My fiancé and I had one of our best dinner EVER. We love Michael Mina and ate in his restaurants in Vegas...but this place is just the best!!! The food was perfect and cooked to perfection and the service was outstanding!!!! Thank you Carrie you made our night so SPECIAL!!! We loved the oysters, foie gras, the duck fat fries, the ahi tuna tartar...the snapper was exquisite and the NY steak to die for...we also had the butternut squash soup...the best!!! Also an amazing wine selection...we thought Carrie would have to roll us out of the restaurant...haha...almost...we will be back for sure!!! And the beignets...Were DELICIOUS!!!!Thank you!!!
We had stayed here 3 years ago; it was under the name " Comfort Inn" got a new name new management. Location is great near freeways, restaurants and Wal-Mart.

There is swimming poll and Jacuzzi too. Hot breakfast which is OK, they run out of food very often, there is one lady who serve there but we had to remind her we run out of food like milk, bagels etc...

Our Internet connection was terrible we even sat outside; it did not help it  it was so slow that we had used the computer they had in the lobby, which was faster but only  to check messages and get directions.

There was coffee in the lobby all the time, which is really nice.

The only one thing that really bather me was that the room was too dark even when we had turned all the light on it was still dark.

The staff was very friendly. It's great for family with kids.
Love it! 
Yummy Omlettes, pancakes and the overall service. Despite being very busy, they we re sure to serve with a smile and not rush us through.  Their portion size is perfect for one person or to share for 2 moderate eaters.  

My only disappointment was with the fruits on pancake- usually I like the pancakes topped with my choice of fruit (like topped while cooking, so fruit doesn't fall off the pancake). Here, i was given the berries etc. I wanted on a side in a cup to top it myself....ah- that is not going to make me stop from going again, just a preference not met.

A must go in the area and I love the joynt!
I stayed here for a work meeting and have to say that it is probably the cleanest, newest hotel that I have ever stayed in. It is only about 2 or 3 years old, and you can totally tell. It has a workout center and a pool on a roof deck. The pool is heated, but it is still kindof chilly in the morning. I bet it is great in the middle of the afternoon. There is a great restaurant in the hotel, but it can get pretty crowded at night. The hotel is about 15 minutes from the airport and very close to the convention center. Unfortunately, there isn't too much else around it except for a few restaurants. 
My room was giant: two queen beds with a couch, desk and chair, large bathroom and two big closets. 
The banquet crew was very helpful and made sure of all our needs were met.
I was a little early for a Trauma first aid class at nearby Scottsdale Gun Club.  Saw this restaurant a few doors down and stopped in for a quick meal.  Was in a bit of a hurry so ordered something fairly safe - sweet and sour pork.  

The test of a good Italian restaurant is their bolognese sauce.  If they don't offer it or it tastes canned, don't bother with anything else they offer.  Fried rice is the real test of a good oriental restaurant.  Get that right and everything else is also probably good.  Asian Island makes great fried rice.  It has that background smoky flavor that says the cooks know what they are doing.  

The sweet and sour pork was good along with the spring roll and crab rangoon.  Much better quality than I was expecting.  Asian Island just went to the top of my "where to eat" list when I visit Scottsdale Gun Club.
When I say I've experienced better, it's because I'm thinking of yogurtland and how their yogurt is 2x as good and half the price.  which for you mathphobes means an overall fourfold increase in happiness quotient.

The yogurt is decent but the selection lacked things that I wanted.  but being so expensive, I expected more.  the yogurt at golden spoon is much better too.  so i'd say go to one of these other places.
I really like the Goodcents chain. I would eat here 100% of the time over subway, but this particular location doesn't seem to get a lot of business and as such seems to have a less fresh product than other locations. With that said, I would still choose the slightly less than fresh Mr. Goodcents over subway.
Some people love this place and some cant stand it.  I am in the love it catagory.  Dubble waffle and some hashbrowns ill be set. O...So plump...
I came in much by accident, and I'm very glad I did.  Don't let the strip mall location fool you, this is restaurant quality food.  I had the chicken lunch, and the portion was really good.  The chicken was of good quality, not some cheap tiny pieces held together with tendons.  The veggies were perfect, a little crisp which I love.  The rice had amazing flavor without being heavy or greasy.  The price is right in line with a small strip mall place but the food tastes much better then I expected.  The owners were there and they are so sweet.  I plan on returning as much as I can.  Do yourself a favor and try it!
At this Chinese market you will find almost anything you are looking for that is out of the ordinary. Not only are there Chinese food items, but also food stuffs from all over the world.....Indian spices and legumes, Goya products, malta india for all the Puerto Ricans that miss home. 

The only reason that i'm rating it 1 star is because I think Mekong Palaza (the other oriental market just up the road from Lee Lee's) is not only as good, but is cleaner and more organized. Lee Lee's STINKS. I've never walked in and not smelled the 'old fish' smell. Mekong is just better, sometimes it smells a little, but never as bad as Lee Lee's. I simply enjoy shopping there more, not to mention their produce section is off the hook. The veggies are always fresh and good looking! Even their meat and fish department is well kept.....ok, this is turning into a review for Mekong, sorry. Anyways, sorry Lee Lee's, but I will shop elsewhere.
Ticoz was unexpected. Nothing is better than walking into a restaurant with the sense of the unknown lingering all around you. My wife and I arrived at Ticoz ready to celebrate. The atmosphere was lively yet pleasent for a Friday night, you didn't get the sense they were busy, even though the parking lot and valet were full. I do recommend making reservations in advance, just to avoid any wait. The bar and seating area are seperated nicely, and the restaurant as a whole is well organized. 

Bring on the food!!! We started with the fried calimari and chips with salsa. The calimari was standard, nothing really to write home about. However, the chips and salsa were great. The salsa starts very fresh and mild, but slowly opens up with greater hints of heat. Then came the main course. Green Chili Enchilada's with a fried egg on top...could be one of the best dishes I've ever had!! If you visit Ticoz for nothing else than this dish, you will not be disappointed. To accomodate the enchilada's was a great fresh Sangria that changes with each refill, the sign of a great Sangria. 

Ticoz is very affordable, has great food, and good customer service. Go for one dish, go for more, but primarily...GO. 

Ch..ch...ch....check it out!!!
As we had a near collision with a herd of javalinas last night while walking our dog, its kind of bitter sweet that this morning we came to the land of Oink!

Arrived around 9ish and easily asked for the open counter seats. Our server Mike was a doll and I ordered my usual 2 egg as I do every breakkie joint. Hash browns make or break it for me and I can't say that these were the best nor even average. 

Thankfully i asked for extra crispy on the browns but still I felt no real spud taste. Scrambled eggs did save the day for me tho. And now to the bacon, my peppered was yum but a bit too thin cut for my taste. Also felt that the whole plate of food that  came out was not hot enuf to have been fresh off the line. So not sure of we'll be back as we have one of the best breakfast places 2 min from our place...
Clean dining room with a.friendly corpus courteous staff.

Food quality was good, but it was a bit on the bland side.
RIP Taylor's! Somehow our friendly neighborhood breakfast spot morphed overnight into "The Daily Bistro". Gone is the impeccable service, unassuming but expansive menu, and outstanding food. Now we have a truncated, trendified menu, spotty service, and incorrectly cooked food. What used to be a beautiful relaxing patio is now tainted with unnecessarily loud techno dance music. 

W. T. F.!!! No bueno. We are sad.
Only good on Fridays. The other days it's just venders. Friday actually has real people selling their own stuff.
It looks cool but the place was full of suburban douchebags and the wait for a lane was over 1.5 hours.  I will not wait to bowl.
Excellent service and great tasty food. Not too many restaurants are able to make their food with the degree of hottest that I demand. However, this restaurant was able to deliver the food as I requested them to be. It is without question that I will return.
Awesome food, fair prices, great service, very authentic...they are great for kids and will modify the spice to your taste.
My hubby and I decided to try something new, so he suggested this place. Said a bunch of his co-workers go there and he always wanted to try. He had the philly cheesesteak with fries ..... very tasty and the fries were very good just a tad cold... I had the chicago gyro with a side greek salad.... soooooooo yummy the meat was seasoned just right and soooo much of it ... i had to give some to my hubsters :) 
very good and will be back .... extra plus is 2 miles from my house!!
Went in to get a mani-pedi, came out with gel nails and very relaxed feet! Nail technician asked if I wanted a gel manicure, I said, no, one of my nails is too short, she said she could fix that, so I said ok. she put a tip on the short nail and I promptly had 10 pretty fingers. I think the only reason we go for pedicures is the massage. Not only did I get a great massage, their massage chairs took care of my lower back while my feet were getting treated.  I usually don't make appointments, I just walk in and so far I've only had to wait maybe 15 minutes to get service started. I recommend.
This location is great, never too busy and the staff is nice. I live close so it's easy enough to drop in and check out the clearance racks. We have purchased tennis rackets, shoes of all sorts, soccer equipment and clothing. I have never had any complaints and the return policy is fair.
Why is it so difficult to find a decent salad bar here in PHX? This place doesn't cut it- Its overpriced, and the food besides the salad is mediocre at best. Besides that, the salad items are very generic, nothing stands out as being original, unique or different. Skip it.
We love Blue Agave.  The food is fresh, service is good.  My fiancés favorite meal was the steak on top of the garlic mashed potatoes but unfortunately they recently changed their menu which I was not as impressed with. Their happy hour menu is great with plenty of choices.  Even though the menu changed, we will continue to eat there...we still love it.
Maybe I am a Western wear snob but as far as I am concerned if you are looking for real Western wear, you go to Saba's.  They have been around as long as dirt and won't be gone any time soon.  Quality is why any store stays around for any length of time and Saba's has it.   The staff is always very knowledgeable and provide the same kind of service.  I have found when I am shopping for any type of Western wear if they don't have it, what I might find elsewhere usually is going to disappoint me.  I just start at Saba's.  

In Scottsdale, Saba's has two stores across the street from each other.  One is clothes and boots.  The other has only boots.  This is boot nirvana!  Don't miss it! 

Now the question of prices must be addressed.  They are from moderate to pricey. When you see what they have to offer, this comment will make sense.  You CAN spend money there but what a way to do it!
Awesome sauce. 30 minute delivery. Favorite pizza and lasagna.
Yesterday (06/08/12) to return a exercise machine 
The first thing i did is stop by costumer service the lady was there this was happens around 8:30pm 
Lady ask to front manager his name is (Marcus) he call some guys for helping us to take out the machine out from my truck 
when we finally get there in costumer service the girl was attending me ask Marcus about how proses my return from Walmart inside for some reason wasn't appear in the system Marcus helping her and helping me the Girl was so helpful 
The real thing is i give to Marcus and the girl a plus A to both for been so helpful
Great place to sit and drink wine on a Saturday afternoon where you have nothing better to do. Food's average. Lots of people watching which I  love. No indoor seating though so avoid when hot.
This place have the best food I've ever tasted I am so addicted to this place that I am willing to drive from San Diego to Phoenix just to have some. The orange chicken is a must. It's a small place but the service is great and the pricing is just right. The portion size is amazing. I visit Phoenix quite a bit and I always have to eat here. I only wish they were in San Diego.
One of the finest restaurants in the Valley. Top quality ingredients in a wonderful setting. Worth the drive from anywhere. We like going for brunch on Sunday - you get bottomless champagne drinks included and food is top notch. Foodie be happy! =) Enjoy!
My fiancé and I stayed here for our anniversary trip and eveything was great! Super cute decor, good drinks at the bar, cool room, close to the airport and freeway! We also got pizza delivered from the business they advertise for and it was yummy. Will absolutely stay here again!
I'll trade you one food city for one Trader Joes... I wish it worked that way!  My only gripe with TJ's is that there isn't one in old town.   I work in Tempe, so I manage to hit this one on my way home every once in a while.  TJ's is always busy, but the service is never lacking. TJ's employees are pretty knowledgeable about their wine selection, and have helped me find some great wines for super cheap.   My favorite thing about TJ's is they have a ton of vegetarian options and a rockin selection of hummus and dips!  As much as I love TJ's, the main downfall is that I can't go there for all my grocery needs, their produce section and "staple" items are pretty limited.
I can only do three things to my hair: straight, regular curls, or up in a clip/ponytail. My 5 year anniversary was coming up so I thought it would be fun to have someone style it for me before my fancy dinner date with Hubby. It turned out to be an irritating experience. 
I planned my whole day around this appointment (4 P.M.). I hate being late to anything, so I booked it over to the Drybar and arrived right on time. The thing was, they were not on time. FAR from it. I was asked my name and then told that I would have to wait 10 minutes. 10 minutes later I was asked my name again and told to still wait. Almost 5 minutes later I was asked what my name was AGAIN and told to wait. I should have put on a name tag. This time I was told that a party came in 20 minutes late so everyone was running behind. I wanted to say "that's not my problem, how are you going to make it better?" but I like to see how good a business is by seeing how they deal with problems and how much they appreciate business. Their way: do nothing. 
So 30 minutes after my appointment time (and me stewing and starting to freak out if I have enough time to get all the way home in traffic, change, do my makeup, and get to the restaurant on time), they FINALLY call me back.
The girl takes me to the back sink and asks which hair style I want. They have a "menu" of about 6 hairstyles. I said the Mai Tai. She said "Mai Tai?" I think to myself "damn it, it just gets worse." I say "yes, the beachy look." So she said "Oooooh, the one with loose big curls?" I respond with "sure" (while I mentally roll my eyes wondering what she is going to do to my hair). She washes my hair and brings me to the chair. The one good thing about this girl is that she didn't talk much, which I like since I hate trying to hear someone talk while a blowdryer is making loud noise in my ear. While drying my hair she asks which side I part my hair. I said "My bangs go this way" while I make a motion with my hand the way my bangs go. She parted it on the other side. I see a lot of the stylists have cute feathers in their hair so I ask about them. She told me they are fast and easy to do, so I say I'll go for a few. She finished styling my hair, which did NOT look beachy (my hair was frizzy at the top instead of smooth, and my curls were medium sized...which I could do myself...for free). It seemed like every customer was getting the same hairstyle (they looked like the "southern comfort" style). I saw NO ONE that had anything different which makes me wonder why they even have a menu if you don't even get a choice. I was running out of time and thought maybe the cute feathers would save the look and make it look different than what I can do myself. Nope. The feathers were thin and she said she was going to put them so I can pull them out or hide them if needed. She put them under so much of my hair and they were so thin I could hardly notice them. At this point I was just done and wanted to leave asap because it was just a disaster. I kept the extensions in for 2 weeks, and not a single person noticed them because she put them under so much hair. I will never go back and just stay with my regular stylist. 
Long story short: horrible customer service and an obnoxious experience.
I really like eating here.  I have only been for lunch, and I have found that the service is competent and friendly, and the food comes out FAST.  I've probably eaten at MBFGR five or seven times, and the only time I had a problem was on my last visit, where they served me a plate with cold fries.  This was a mistake, as I had a slight hangover and really, really wanted my gyros pita and fries that day, so I asked for fresh fries.  Well, whether it was to apologize or to be sassy I can't say, but either way, I ended up receiving the biggest fattest plate of fresh, hot fries I've ever seen.  They definitely made up for their faux-pas.

I'm a huge fan and will be back many, many times.  Opa!
looks can be deceiving.  i've only been here a month and have never been able to park in my reserved spot as movers, cable installers air conditioning people constantly park there and management will do nothing.  almost all gates are broken.  so much for security.  I asked for a repair and received a note it was complete.  no it wasn't even done.  tons of people moving out constantly.  I was never given the gate codes to the pool and such.  the pool is brown on bottom and the hot tub does not work.  cant wait till my lease is up.
I am going to try to keep this short because I could easily go on and on about how good this place is. Service, food, decor all excellent.  Everyone else who is offering reviews is doing a nice job of talking about the food so I am going to mention a few different items of interest.  But about the food I will just quickly mention if you are having breakfast it may sound unusual but get the meatball as a side dish. It blew me away. 
Not only does Liberty market offer Gilbert residents quality food, they do it at a reasonable price.  For a long time the Johnson family has been giving away free meals once a year at their flagship restaurant Joe's BBQ, right across the street.  In keeping with that tradition of bringing residents together they are offering a "Community Dinner" at Liberty.  The concept being that 30 residents can sign up for a dinner consisting of 5 or more courses including a chef's surprise course.  All for one very affordable price. The community part is that they sit you at a table of 6 or so offering diners an opprutunity to get aquinted with thier neighbors.  The dinner is limited to just 30 people on a frist come, first serve basis. Wonderful idea.  Earlier I was bragging about how good the meatball's are. I understand they have a Meatball sandwich which is not on the menu. Also not on the menu is a breakfast burger which is only served on the week ends between 11 and 1.  Not only does this dish sound wonderful but a menu item that is only available 4 hours a week has a strong allure for me.  While I was leaving I was looking at the pictures on the wall and I noticed that the family was pictured outside of the famous Culinary Institute of America Greystone.   I noticed that my waiter was pictured and after tracking him down again I find out that he was a family member, Willie Johnson, how unpretentious.  So that explains some of the good food. They have a strong background.
I would like to start off by saying that the quality of this salon is wonderful, and that the nail technicians are professional and overall good at what they do (especially Jocelyn and Emily!). If you want a good manicure/pedicure in Phoenix, this is the place to go.  
Now for the negative part.  I am a regular at this salon, I generally get manicures, pedicures or both about twice a month at the least.  Every time I go in there, I find that the prices vary slightly.  On my last visit, I did a shellac manicure and went in after about two weeks to have the shellac polish removed, and declined to have another manicure done.  Now mind you, this was a normal occurrence for me, and I have NEVER been charged upon going to have the polish removed by the special procedure specifically for shellac, nor was any charge disclosed to me as I walked in on this most recent visit.  Based on previous experience, I simply left the salon after the nail tech removed the shellac, only to be chased down by the manager screaming at me in the parking lot that I didn't pay. Ridiculously irritating.  Even more irritating was the fact that the tech felt the need to not wait for the remover to actually do its job, so she scratched the hell out of my natural nails; damage which will take several weeks to heal. I don't like feeling like I'm being swindled every time I go to a business and I don't like varying prices for the exact same services I ask for, time after time.  
I don't know that I will spend my money at this establishment in the future, given previous (slightly) negative experiences and this last really negative experience.  If you choose to use their services, be sure you understand up front what their prices are (for that day).
Giant Coffee is my go-to coffeehouse in midtown Phoenix. I should explain: I live near the Heard Museum and in that part of town, if one wants a good cup of coffee, one has to travel south to Giant (half a mile) or north to Lux (a couple miles). Obviously, since Giant is closer to me, that's why it's my go-to place.

It's close to where I live, is consistently great, and offers good coffee, excellent espresso drinks, and great pastries. Plus, there's ample bicycle parking (essential as I walk, bike, or take public transportation everywhere). If you feel like treating yourself, get the breakfast burrito (but be prepared to wait 15 minutes for it to be heated).

My hesitation with Giant, however, is that it runs a bit on the expensive side. A 16 oz. coffee runs $2.25 and their tea runs at $3.75. (Refills on coffee are $0.50 and you can keep getting new hot water for your tea.) The various pastries and baked goods are between $3 and $4 and a cup of granola with yogurt is $6.

Also, their music runs on the loud side. If you're here to talk to someone or have a meeting (which I often do), be prepared to talk a bit louder. I don't get why coffeehouses have to have such loud music. It's also hard when I try to listen to my own music since my headphones can't play music that loud.

One of my favorite things about Giant, aside from the food and drinks, is that the west-facing windows are actually glass panels that open the restaurant out to the world. It's  great when the weather is absolutely divine here. In the mornings during the winter, however, one of the glass panels is open. It might be cold inside so bring a jacket just to be prepared.

Giant is a great place that has a great vibe. It's an asset to the neighborhood. Even though it's on the pricier side of the indie-owned coffeehouses in central Phoenix, it's definitely worth it.
Decent food (for bar food) Service was slow. Waiter more interested in talking to staff rather than checking up on us or getting us more drinks. Not too big of a deal.
Would probably go back but its average but better than some of the awful food at some sports bars in the Valley.  Nice atmosphere.
My husband and I had a groupon to this place, so we tried it out to see Prometheus (great movie). The moment we stepped inside, we knew it was a very a high class place, which really isn't our taste, but it IS Scottsdale...

My main beef with this place was the OUTRAGEOUS A/C! I get cold in theaters, but I was SO cold in this one that I could not move to get up when the movie was over. Even my husband was cold, and that's saying a lot.

We weren't crazy about the fact that waiters are constantly coming in and out of the movie as well. It's very distracting. It makes it difficult to focus on the movie, especially when the cowboys behind us are yelling "giddyup" at every scene, and talking very loudly to these waiters. All in all, we don't agree that serving food/drinks during a movie is a good idea. We avoid the movie theaters because of ADULTS who cannot seem to shut up as it is, so this wasn't the best experience.

FIX YOUR A/C! It doesn't need to be so cold in that place. Not sure we'll ever come back.
I have found a new place close to downtown to eat.  Great place to enjoy lunch and the $5 pitchers are a great enticer.
If that does not get you down here maybe the great patio will get you here or the spacious bar.  I could see myself eating at the bar or one of the super comfortable booths.
As for the eats....The backyard burger, Windsor style is on my list of must eat again, porkwich is a must eat all the time, and the mac and cheese is a great side.  I can't cook mac and cheese like that at home, nice crisp top of melted cheese and uber yummy cheese and pasta under neath.  
The Windsor burger and piggy burger were great.  Just ask for extra napkins since you will look like a Carl's Jr commercial trying to scarf either burger down.  They are both messy, but I could not let the sauce and juice go to waste just dip the burger into the left overs on the plate. :) 
Let me describe the porkwich please....  Pulled pork, belly braised ham, cold slaw, smoked bacon, and the yummy sweet gold sauce.  All this on a buttermilk bun which is soft and a great absorber of all that sauce and flavor.  Get you eat on quick so the bun does not go soggy on you.  
The backyard burger has a great garlic aioli, caramelized onions, sharp cheddar, and some iceberg shredded up to add some color.  This was a great burger and even though it is a must eat again I am really a fan of the porkwich.  
My only downside is parking, really only a hand full of parking and then free valet.  Nothings free, I still gotta tip a guy that has to run down the street to get my car.  That's usually where your car will end up is down a side street adjacent to the restaurant.  I think the valet thing does fix the lack of parking problem and the food is so good it really is not that big of a deal.  
If you are ever in the general vicinity of Windsor I suggest you give it a shot, great staff, great food, and great overall restaurant.
Sprinkles who???
This is my fav local bakery (I often pick up a treat from LGO) for their amazing OOEY GOOEY cupcakes. The name should say it all!
The cake is rick and moist while the frosting is a little piece of heaven. 

You must stop by and grab yourself a treat, you will forget all about Sprinkles cupcakes and be in love!
SMG is a great concept where you can eat and drink while watching movies, kinda like the Ipic theaters. We used a groupon I bought a few months back. Unfortunately, we showed up a little late, so could not get the "reserved" seats that everyone was mentioning on the reviews. We ended up in the general admissions seats which are like executive office chairs. Only thing is they don't recline and don't have much lower back cushioning. But the seats are pretty comfortable nonetheless. 

I can see how it can be distracting to have servers going in and out a lot of the times, but I felt like they servers were very courteous and tried to be considerate while talking or moving around. 

As for food, we ordered some drinks and the cookies which were good, although quite outrageously expensive. But this is expected as a place like this. 

Overall, it was a good experience, but not sure if I would be coming back. It didn't really wow me and I could just do away with good ole regular harkins. I imagine the food here is probably not that great anyways.
Came here to give it another try. Food is good, service is always poor.  Very slow service with no character.   Done giving this place a chance.
If you give me a good plate/bowl of pasta and an Arnold Palmer, I'll be your best friend.

I love ravioli, and yes, I have had the unfortunate experience of biting into a lovely little packet of goodness and been disgusted, whether it be from the flavor or texture or whatever of the ravioli.

My mom and I had a shopping trip one day recently, and I was already happy because I had bought the most beautiful boots. I have had my day ruined by bad food, so whenever I order food, i go safe, and am rarely sorry. This was no different. 

The wild mushroom ravioli was FANTASTIC. The mushrooms were cooked perfectly, and their high water content wasn't an issue. The cream sauce was so amazing, my mom is sitting behind me talking about it now, weeks later. It was memorable.

The service around the dining area was good, and one thing, a tried and true thing, is that if you smile at the waiters, they refill you fast. 

I only give it 4  stars because of the seating arrangement, it annoyed me. Somewhat crowded and my table was sticky.
One Coffee is in the building where I work so for a while I went there frequently. Their coffee is quite good, as is the food they offer, but their service is so awful that I will not go back. Their products aren't good enough to be worth the ridiculous wait time, and there are plenty of other coffee shops in the vicinity. The last time I went there about 2 weeks ago I waited 15 minutes for my coffee because there was only 1 person making coffee. A second person was working the register. But after everyone had ordered and paid, the register worker just leaned against the counter and watched her co-worker make the coffee, as opposed to helping. And the barista got 2 orders wrong in the meantime (not mine), probably because there were so many people waiting and she was rushed. This was not the first time I'd had this long of a wait, or noticed a staffing issue, I just wanted to make sure the prior times weren't isolated instances because I like to support local businesses. Now I've moved my patronage to the other local coffee shop around the corner.
definitely a fan... we've gone around the block and then some and feel as though we've finally found a place we want to be known as a "regular". :) environment was fun and lively and the sushi chef's appeared to be having just as good a time as the restaurant goers. food was great. would recommend to anyone looking for good sushi and a welcoming environment.
Love La Condesa!  They have a fantastic salsa bar with delicious, interesting salsas and a range of fantastic tacos (something for everyone).  The environment is cozy, albeit a little small.  The only thing that would make it better is if it were BYOB (they recently started serving alcohol).  Phoenix needs more restaurants like this one!
Excellent family run place.  Have been there twice with delicious food.  Falafel sandwich served on soft pita. Excellent service.  Highly recommend giving it a try.
I have attended this club sporadically since it opened sometime in 2010. It has had its up's and down's in terms of basic club/bar service, it may depend on what night you attend.  My main complaint is that If you ever need to contact someone of authority at this club, (don't even bother.) But say you Lost/left something behind at the club? Had and altercation with a bouncer? Were double charged by the bartended on your credit card?  Have a complaint? Have a compliment?  The staff is uncooperative and rude no matter what your situation is.Id stay away from this club, there are other bars and clubs that cater to the same patrons. I always feel welcomed to spend my money everywhere/anywhere else in Phoenix.
I came here with my mom this morning for breakfast for the first time and we both really enjoyed ourselves.  We had never been here before, and both really enjoyed the experience here.  The place is small, with very limited parking, but I think they offer free valet from what I heard.

I'm kind of between 3 and 4 stars for this place, but decided to round up since it really is one of a kind and quite enjoyable.  When I go to places like this, I tend to hold the bar high, and expect a little bit more then the usual, so please bear with me while I do some  venting AND complimenting.

After going inside the place was really cute and well decorated.  Plenty of seating with lots of stuff to shop for!  I did find the ordering to be a bit confusing, and somewhat irritating.  You go to the register and place your order, and their supposed to call your name, but we sat there for a while and never heard anything.  I finally went to the counter and I guess our food had sat out there for a while and no one ever told us! No one called our name, nothing!  Plus, they just left the food on this table to get picked up, and anyone could have taken it without us realizing it.

Also, we were extremely thirsty and were looking for water and asked when we went to place our order.  They said that there's water glasses by a complimentary water station in the dining area.  The glasses were tiny, and there wasn't any ice!  ggggrrrr. It's hot here and we're THIRSTY.  Plus, that area is really tight, so we had to make like 3 trips to get water since we were dying.

Ok, now for the compliments.  The food was awesome! My mom and I really both loved our experience here, and the english muffins were delicious! My mom even bought a pack to take home with her, as she really enjoyed the food as much as i did.  I went with the eggs rancheros, and it was so tasty! I had never had it before and boy, did I clean my plate on this dish!  Fresh fruit came with it to, and the english muffin was tasty with what appeared to be home made jelly.  My mom went with some pancakes, I think and she loved them as well.  Overall, a tasty place and I would gladly return in the future!
The ultimate in relaxation. One of my friends in Tampa purchased a gift certificate for me at this lovely spa. It doesn't look like much from the outside, but trust me, when you step inside....it is an oasis.

The staff at the front desk was warm, welcoming and responsive (no waits, I was acknowledged right away, etc). I was immediately taken to a waiting room where I had a selection of refreshments. The waiting room was bright and comfortable and overlooked the pool (which is free if you're there for a service or can be accessed for a small fee). 

My pedicure was amazing. She was very professional, did a great job and it lasted forever - no chips or smudges. A woman, who I presume to be the owner, walked through and made sure that my water, along with another patron's, was always full and that I was satisfied. This was a really nice touch.

I had a wonderful experience here and thought it was very fairly priced. I went by myself in the middle of the week, but I had such a relaxing and fabulous time...I really enjoyed myself. I will be back soon! And YOU need to check this place out also.

And men, this is a wonderful treat for the special woman in your life! :)
Well, I'm 5 years out of college (sigh) and this place made me aware of the fact. This place had "undergrad-boner" written all over it, which isn't bad. Junior year Erin would have just died to have this place in my college town to cavort to with girlie-friendsies. Just something to take note of if you're in the dreaded "middle-late twenties" like me. (A term I coined because I refuse to grow up. Wah.)

It was all simply *OK.* The red sangria was *ok* (I know they had signs up about how their white sangria is award-winning and maybe I should have gone with that but...meh), the service was *ok*, the ambiance was *ok* (Trying a little too hard but no doubt impressing the 12-top of 21 year olds having a girls night out.)

The pizza was pretty tasty, but the Garden pizza, which sounded amazeballs with "roasted zucchini, sauteed mushrooms, red onion, white cheddar, blue cheese and arugula tossed in balsamic reduction with white truffle oil" was a bit underwhelming. Let's see...

- Zucchini, mushrooms and onion: BARELY there. Maybe one piece of each on each slice.

- White cheddar: Indiscernible 

- Blue cheese: Yay, I could taste it! And I'm a big blue cheese fan so this was good

- Arugula: Yay, tons! I'm an arugula fangirl so this was another plus. "tossed in a balsamic reduction?" More like "barely drizzled with bals vin.

- White truffle oil: None. Sniffle.

I could be persuaded to go back for the bruschetta boards and more wine, but as it stands it just wasn't the stellar experience it had the potential to be.
We liked Digestif a lot. 
First, we didn't need a reservation - cool. We had no idea what we wanted & just sort of wound up there after many months of curiosity.

Second, we were seated by a window & people watching was fun. Awkward couple on first date, she was SO not into him. Young tattooed chic dating man old enough to be her father - I kept missing the PDA's hubby witnessed. 

Third, our waiter. I can't remember his name because I forget names...but the guy knew his stuff. He told us about the Chef's menu that was basically a variety of foods he scored at the Old Town Farmers Market...very cool.

Dinner was informative, detailed, yummy - we loved every second of it & plan to go back. At the end our dessert came with a dessert wine - one of us doesn't drink & the other already had two so a third.....not really wanted.  An inquiry would have been appreciated.

Highly recommend this place - go see for yourself!
Here's to you, mr. neighborhood-sports-bar-floor-manager!  They were training a new server, who was from New York, so she came replete with a touch of attitude, and not enough training.  Thankfully, middle management saved the day!  The question was whether the nachos (do NOT order, by the way, they're borderline inedible, but then i don't particularly like nachos under the best of circumstances) contain beans, even if you order them with chicken instead of refried beans on top.  Somehow, someway, we got confused and assumed they did.  Our server, upon being complained at, simply walked away without a word.  Needless to say, there were comments made at our table.  That's when middle management stepped in.  He explained that it's an either-or proposition, enlightening us.  He then went above and beyond, bringing us a cup of the delicious refried beans (which I tried despite my distaste for the whole nacho thing and found to be completely and totally 100% awesome).  Thank you, sir!  At some point, I ordered a burger, which I wholeheartedly enjoyed.  It's enjoying me right now, quite enthusiastically, I might note.  *gurgle*

Anyway, I don't have a great feeling about this place's future in my repertoire of places to drink.  If the unsung hero isn't there to help you out, the service will not be good.  No attitude, per se, just poor service, which is possibly more unforgivable in my book.  The perfect storm is poor service with attitude, but for that you gotta go to Pomeroy's (can we go back there again soon so I can find justification to SLAM that place in my update? please?)  The environment is typical sports bar, with a moderately clean bathroom (thank you again, unsung hero!).  The food is very uneven, even for a sports bar.  Those fries should not be heavily salted.  I don't care who likes them that way, I will not eat them covered in salt.  I will not eat them with a malt.  I do not like them, not one bit!

Anyway, I don't have any particularly hostile feelings towards this place.  My burger was good, the beer selection was decent and the prices were (in theory, at least) great.  Give that floor manager a fancy set of whip and chains and...  I dunno, redecorate?  somehow import some atmosphere someway, i don't know or care how, and this place will get more stars.  I should note that I am quite sure they messed up my check.  The beers were supposed to each be $4, in fact I carefully ensured that each beer I ordered (ok, that might be a total lie) was a $4 beer, and yet my bill came to $26.  I only had three, plus a nine-dollar burger.  I don't think they were trying to rip me off, but as a cheap person, I find this slightly offensive.  Granted, I'm partially to blame for not, I dunno, reading the bill when I got it?  anyway, I'll forgive you, this time, Gallagher's, but you're on my watch list.  You eff me over one time, you win an all-expense paid trip to the Gitmo of my "recommended avoid" list.  Consider yourself warned.
The Simple Farm has been a blessing to our neighborhood and to the local farm movement.  It simply doesn't get any fresher or any better. Thank you to Lylah and Michael and to farm manager Anita and to our beautiful wonderful goats - Lavender, Miss Storm, Sweet Marie and Baby Ani for enriching our lives and help us in our quest to  improve our health.  I love watching The Simple Garden grow.
this was a second visit to dragonfly I had the bluberry/lemon zest pancakes and my wife had huevos w/frejoles a spicy bean and sausage  dish w poached eggs very delicioso service was good but be prepared to be paticient though they were busy they were not packed and it took a good 35 minutes to get our breakfast
I'm not sure who's older, Lenny's or myself, but we've been friends as long as I can remember. 

Back when I was a kid this location had no outdoor seating, and the interior didn't seem nearly as cramped.  The patio that is located there now is a great addition to Lenny's.  Although I now realize that there may be a lot of people that don't know it wasn't always there.

As far as the food goes...well let's just say I remember it being a little bit better when I was younger.  From what I understand this location isn't "officially" a Lenny's anymore and it shows.  The 59th Ave. location still has the taste I remember, but this one's just slipping.  The burgers are still grilled right in front of you and you get to watch them season them live as well.  They also still have a lot of options for hamburgers but they're nothing you haven't seen before.  BBQ sauce, thousand island, ketchup and mustard.  All the old standards.  Unfortunately my favorite burger, the ranch burger, is the biggest flavor change at the place.  The ranch/mayo sauce used to run down my fingers and drip onto my burger paper leaving behind tasty little puddles of fattening bliss.  Now there's much less sauce, and it seems thin and watery.  As far as their hot dogs go...well I've never had the hot dogs in all the years I've been dining here, but my friends won't order anything else.  They love the chili dogs like a dog loves a bone.  

It's still a good flame-broiled burger, and the fries are still amazing.  Obviously places evolve, and I can't dock points for not living up to my memories.  As a solo burger joint, the building is perfect.  If you go with a group, however, plan on sitting in their outside section because the inside is still far too small.

Oh, and if you are raising kids in the Glendale area I highly recommend this place as a great memory maker.
I really wish that they had chosen another location for Carolina's as my office shares the same parking lot and it is way too easy for me to walk across the parking lot and grab some of the best grub around.  Very hard to keep in marathon shape when eating there 4 times a week-I am weak with the discipline. 
Their tortillas are the best in town hands down.  I had never tried a buttered or cheese tortilla until a co-worker ordered a few...very addicting.  They only have one salsa which is not fiery but has a kick, and their chicken burritos are just that, chicken and a tortilla.  No Chipotle style faire here.
There is ample parking but seating can be a problem for those who don't work next door.

Hit 'em up if in the area!
WOOHOO!  Wings that are meaty enough to be worth the price and spicy enough to satisfy!

Driving up, the address and strip mall are screaming "Don't get out of your vehicle here" GHETTO...but since I am a white boy trained in brazilian jui jitsu, I am not worried.  I got out of the truck, acknowledged the skaters and gang bangers and proceeded to the door of the restaurant.  

On walking in, the menu items and prices are written on the wall in magic marker.  Some have been changed, some have been removed, and some have been made into weekly specials.  This night, a dozen wings is going for $6.50 before tax.  I place my order and proceed to wander around the empty dining room.  It is clean and spartan...a jukebox that advertises free play...several 1980's vintage video games...no restroom  available...

When I ordered suicidal wings, the lady behind the counter asked if I was sure about suicidal...that I might want to try hot first.  Being a reckless and brave person, I reconfirmed suicidal.  She told me that the order would take a few minutes, and asked if I minded seeds in the wing sauce.  I let her know that if seeds were required for hot wings, I would be OK with them.

The wings are hot, fresh and generous...I have been gratified to have to put 3 bites into cleaning the meat and skin off the wings.  They are hot in seasoning and temperature...I could only get through half an order before having to switch to tortillas, carrots and ranch dressing to cool the fire.  

Forehead sweating...tears in my eyes...Marcia's Long Wongs got it right.

Give 'em a try...even tho the restaurant screams GHETTO.
Um one word YUM!! This place is so good! The chicken sandwiches are so yummy my tummy is grumbling thinking about it!

The cashiers were really friendly and helpful with any questions I had. I will def be back!
My husband came here for his tooth that was causing him some pain.  Our last dentist really gave us the run around and my husband was a little put off about seeing another dentist. So this dentist really had his hands full with him.

My husband said he was very nice and has good humor.  He is very friendly with his staff and treats them with respect and kindness as if they are his family.    My husband ended up needing a root canal and was scheduled the following week.  The dentist gave him a script for pain meds, antibiotics, and an anxity med to call him down before the procedure.  This was very nice of him.

During the root canal the doctor acknowledged that my husband is a red head and per past studies tend to need more anesthesia then other people.  This was very nice because he does have a low pain tolerance.  After he got into my husbands mouth and started to work he realized more needed to be down.  He did not charge up for the little extra work which I was felt was very generous of him.  To this dentist it was more about care then pinching us for all our money.   Just for the record had we been asked to pay we would have but that is not what this was about.   

He does not push extra services on you that you do not need. If you come in for a root canal you will get a root canal not pressured to get a platinum grill.
My friend and I have a list of places we want to try and this was on it. We went on a Saturday and had no problem being seated. Our server was great. He helped us with recommendations since it was our first time there. We started off with the Snoqualmie Riesling and it was delish. We then split a salad and a sandwich. The salad was roasted beet and the sandwich was the kobe burger and fries. Both were good and cooked to our specs. I would go again and try some other things on the menu.
Great experience at Citizen PH...highly recommend the food and ambience trust me well worth the price!!
My favorite sandwich place in Tempe! Everything is fresh, this is always a treat to go to Dilly's. The Dilly Club & Chicken Noodle Soup are amazing!
This is one of my favorite 'celebration night out' places.  The owners are wonderfully nice and friendly.  The service was great - excellent timing on filling water, clearing table - it was all seamless. 

Now the food!  Home made pasta, fresh and original. Everything was tempting but I can never resist the specialty of the day - seafood linguini, mushroom sauce, or any other meats - gently cooked!  Perfect! 
With a bottle of wine, meal and dessert - it can get pricey but it's well worth it! 

They do offer Valentine 'take out baskets' which are reasonably priced (considering) and sound wonderful -i must admit, i have never tried them though.
I went here for lunch with the husband last weekend after wanting to try this place since they opened. I have been to Citizen Public House several times and liked it very much. So why did it take me so long to get to the Gladly? Well...they have almost the same exact menu as CPH....not sure why....if you are going to have the same menu, why have a different name? Well, anyway, we got around to trying it last weekend at lunch time and it was sort of a let down. The place had a few people in it, but not many. I got the wagyu french onion burger and husband got the BLT no aioli. Well, we get our food and my burger is ok, but his BLT had aioli....the waitress hadn't written down the order, so that may have been the issue. We preceded to wait for like 6-7 min for her to come by so he could ask her to remake the sandwich (he's allergic to eggs, so wiping it off wouldn't really suffice). She took it back without issue, but in the meantime, we've been sitting 6-7 minutes with my food getting cold. Then it took another 10 to get the sandwich back, so by that time my food was soggy and kind of cold. Not sure what this restaurant was thinking since most people don't want to eat their meal while their dining companion watches and then sit and watch them eat later, but no comment was made by the waitress. The burger was nothing special, it tasted fine...it wasn't really french onion -y as it was supposed to have an onion sauce on it, but really just had plain onions on it. The salad it came with was tasty, it had figs, cheese,  and weird smokey almonds in it (which weren't awesome, but the rest was good). When the husband got his sandwich, he was kind of disappointed. The bacon was super thick cut...more like ham, so it was really flaccid and heavy....not really what you want when getting a BLT. Overall, the meal wasn't awesome, but there was a light at the end of the tunnel. I had seen that they had a special the night before for dessert (a banana chocolate pot of sorts), I asked if they had any left, and they did! Got one and it was delicious! I kind of loved it. Anyway, the dessert was the saving grace, but I don't think I would go back all that soon as I was pretty disappointed with the entrees and service.
The following is written by me, one of Richardson Browne's biggest supporters and fans. 

This is an absolute 100% carbon copy of Richardson's. The window coverings, adobe booths, throw pillows, copper bar top, teal awnings, eclectic mix of soft rock, and even the prickly pear margiratas. The feel and atmosphere are almost the same. They even serve meals on big metal plates, often times with tortillas under them. Anyone who thinks this place is original needs to go see Richardson immediately.

All that aside, the food here is really good. I ordered the Carne Adovada which came a little drier than what I'm used to a Rich's place, which was a welcome change as they really let the pecan wood smoked pork speak for itself. The tortilla accompanying the dish was not tearable, but rather so dried out that it broke when I tried to tear it. This was the only dissappointment of the dish. Beans and rice were identical to Richardson's, smokey and delicious. The girlfriend ordered the Enchiladas, which to her surprise were the Red, White, and Blue Enchiladas from Richardsons. One chicken, one shrimp, and one cheese, wrapped in different colored tortillas smothered in green sauce. They were very much exactly what we were used to.

All in all, I'd say that Barbara, the owner, probably is using the same recipes and has obviously used the same formula here. She is doing a great job, and I will go back if I am ever in this part of town again. Even with the prices on the menu being about 20% less, it's not worth a 35 minute drive for me.
April makes you feel just as welcomed as she does beautiful. Her space is intimate yet shiek. She has a careful ear and listens to what you want. She is on top of all the trends, yet does a killer classic bob. I recommend her to everyone I meet. That's easy to do considering everytime I come out of her salon I get multiple compliments on my hair.
Worst DD ever(and I've been to a lot) donuts are raw. No sugar in coffee and they stuff 4 donuts in a bag just to get all the frosting melted on each other. So frustrating. Service is slow! And the drive thru with parking lot is suicidal! Rittenhouse and power worth the drive!
This place is top notch! 

I have tired almost every one of thier asian noodle dishes but have not got a chance to try thier pasta dishes (though they look delish!) I find myself crazing thier soup about once a week! 

The employees are Cherry Blossom are super friendly and helpful. I get togo food from here every once and awhile and it is ALWAYS correct and hot when I come to pick it up. 

My Tip: Get the Udon! SO YUMMY!!!! Beef, Chicken & Shrimp... they are all good! 

Can't wait to go back!
Guys do great work and extremely flexible with their hours.  They met met at 4 pm on a Sunday for the tint, which no other place could do as they work out of their own garage.  Had a little bubbling on one of the windows and they replaced it no questions asked.  Would recommend them to a friend no doubt.
Huge patio where the beer flows like wine.  Oh, and the vodka cocktails are good too.  Very laidback atmosphere and perfect for groups.  Mixed crowd, from preppy to pierced and tattooed.  Can be a little bit of a young crowd but not as annoying as many other ASU bars.  Never have had the food, but have always had a great time.

Only downside is that it gets crowded, very, very crowded.

Update:  Minus one star.  Way too much patchouli.  I am too old for that nonsense.  However, still had a good time with friends.  The scene was a lot more rough this time around.  Without tattoos, we stood out like sore thumbs.
La Salsitas...32nd St & Indian School. This is hands down some of the best Mexican food in the Valley. A quiet little place minding their own business doing what they know how to do. This is a must-visit quaint restaurant. If you're looking for authentic Mexican food, this is the place to hit. Totally Six Stars...this place gets Best Mex In The 'Hood!!
Went there again and had a great experience.  Really great. The pizza was phenomenal and the bruschetta was totally awesome, as always. And this time I'm giving 5 stars because the hostesses were fully clothed and dressed appropriately!  :-)
Did not know it was possible to make this food this badly. Ordered the lunch combo with Korean Beef Steak to go. Was immediately struck by how small the portions of everything were. Really pretty poor value for $8.50. The beef was a massive disappointment, brutally dry and chewy with absolutely no tenderness as good beef would have. It felt like I was eating microwaved leftovers. The 4 pieces of sushi were all tiny, far smaller than average sushi would be, and tasted fairly mushy to boot. They did not have that freshness that one wants from sushi. I asked for wasabi on the side, and rather than bothering to put some in a small plastic container, they just threw a glob of it in the middle of my takeout box. How lazy! Tempura was not even vaguely resembling crisp, and again did not taste fresh, really flavorless and gross. The sauce included for it was tasteless and bland, so that didn't help. At least the salad was ok.

Honestly, decent to good japanese/fusion places are a dime a dozen in the Phoenix metro area, and every one of them has a much better lunch special (in both taste and price) than this one. Don't waste your time, energy, and money.
Favorite sushi in the area. Happy hour sun-thurs, all night. I think they are closed for lunch on the weekends. Awesome rolls for like $3-4 and the best shrimp shumai! Place gets packed so you could end up waiting, but it is definitely worth it. Oh and they only serve wine and beer. Would get 5 stars but the service isn't that good.
I had an event to go to last Saturday and I knew I had to get my eyebrows waxed. I walked in and Katie helped me immediately. I brought Kenzie with me and when I do that people always ask one of us if we are sisters and we always answer no... and tell them that Kenzie is my step-daughter or she would tell people I am her step-mom even after a few years now I still get a kick out of it. Anyways, If you ever feel ugly- go get your eyebrows waxed by Katie... she is seriously the best. I am coming here from now on to get my eyebrows waxed only by Katie though. The eyebrow wax was 10 bucks, not  bad.
Looking for a casual spot to have a great glass of wine and a terrific meal?  Then look no further than Bar North.

Oh sure- you can go to the fancier North restaurant next door, but why?  The menus are the same, you have the same great choices of wine and the stellar service abounds.  So with our group the other night- we took over the bar side of this restaurant in Kierland Commons and they took great care of us!

Chris, our server, was outstanding!  My glass was never empty- he took the time to make us feel so welcome and he was quick with a quip (which I love!)  And imagine my surprise when I found out he had only been with Bar North for about two months . . .I would have thought, given his comfort with his role, that he had been there much longer!  But who cares?:  He really took our night from just another night out to a great night out and for that he deserves a shout out!

We started with some chacuterie and bread along with some type of stacked sandwiches.  For our entrees we had a couple of their thin crust pizzas as well as two of their signature pasta dishes.  All were quite good.  And for dessert? Tiramasu which almost had us licking the jar it came in.

Bar North is located in the Kierland Commons mall so parking is plentiful.  I also liked that it opens onto to a common patio which would be great for people watching on a warmer day (it was cold when we were there).  And the decor is contemporary and understated with candles twinkling in the windows only to be matched by the crystals dangling from the exposed bulbs in the center of the room.

All in all a really great choice for a fun dinner out!
This place gets extra points because of Tim ! They got throwed rolls, strawberry storm in mason jar, and peanuts on the floor. Once in a while, you gotta hit up the roadhouse and tie one on.

Oops! I forgot to mention that the food was also delightful! I asked for a roumalade to go with the fish and chips I ordered and they did not know what I meant but they were so helpful.  Turns out that they do have it but they just call it sauce.
If you like great prime steaks, this is the place for you. Dined here last night for our fourth visit, and it was awesome as usual. The filet is so frickin awesome I can't seem to get to any of the other delicious looking entrees. I tasted companion's sweet desert shrimp and found it wonderfully smoky. I ordered a Sazerac to drink, but they had no absinthe.   I ordered a glass of wine which came accompanied by an original cocktail offered up as a complimentary sub for my Sazerac. Thanks for making me feel like a bigshot! Get a table by the window for a charming view.
They seriously have THE coolest set up & ambiance- but it ends there.

Food is overpriced.

Hardly any healthy options.

Servers were overloaded so it took forever to get anything.
It was okay, nothing really amazing. I was craving Mediterranean food and found this place on Yelp. For the amount of food you get, the price is pretty good. I got the plate to share with my dad and it was huge. The pita was good. The rest was quite salty, with a kind of pickled taste to it? The people who were working were so nice though. They explained how everything worked because I was obviously clueless lol.

If you need a quick fix of Mediterranean food, come here. I've had better and am willing to wait for someone to cook my food and really enjoy it.
Easy to reach via the 202, great hiking and not too difficult BUT some of the downhills on the well-traveled trails get slick with loose gravel. If you're wearing a child in a backpack, you may need a hand down in  a couple of spots. 

Wonderful views, very quiet, my kids always have a great time here. We take out-ot-town guests here for the panoramic views. Check out the Goldfield Mining Town (right down the street) after your hike for ice cream!
Urban Yoga is a great mix of what every yogi/yogini is looking for at one time or another:  Great Instructors (Kate, Katie, Kat, Mary Bruce,etc.), great products, calming environment, massage therapist on-site, awesome location, and so much more.  In fact, I'm attending Kate's class today at 4:30pm!

I often read reviews of someone that is "trying yoga for the first-time" and can empathize with them.  It is daunting to go to a new place, feel as though you are starting at the beginning and all the while, your mind CANNOT turn off (Did I lock my car?  I'm hungry.  I like her outfit.).  

Urban Yoga is a great place for a newbie or yoga practitioner with years of experience.  I've only been practicing intentionally for about 3 years and continue to learn and experience it.  Yoga is a practice, not a perfect.  

The most important part of it?  Show Up, Be Present, Do The Work.
Caffe Boa is an upscale Italian restaurant located in the midst of College Town Tempe, and has been praised for being better than the greasy spoons that students often patronize.  It is indeed that, and the ambiance (especially on the patio in good weather) is of that same class.  But the food, for the most part, is not.

Appetisers were particularly disappointing, both small, unimaginative, and lacking flavor.  The shrimp was really terrible, having that soapy taste you can get with poorly prepared shellfish.  The bread lacked taste and crispness.  Not good.  The entries were spotty but a bit better.  The pasta with rabbit was both creative and tasty, but the chicken with rosemary was overcooked (as was the halibut).  

Worse yet, service was pleasant but very very slow.  It took an hour and a half from the time we ordered our entrees to when we got them.  

And the third strike is the price -- too high for what you get, although I do not agree with some of the complaints about small portion size for the entrees.
Awesome chicken shawarma sandwich!  However, it came with fries, w/c were crispy and delicious, but the grease and flavor almost brought on nausea (sorry for the visual).  I hope management will allow me to substitute next time.  

Noticed bags of pita for take-out in the deli section- Good Bread pita and Al-Hana whole wheat.  They do not contain *, so I'll be taking some home next time!

I'd prefer not having the deli counter visible from the dining area, though (so glaringly bright!).  Put up a divider of sorts, and this venue could easily attain great-for-a-date status!
Disappointed.  The service was slow.  Our drinks sat at the bar for at least 10 minutes before they were brought to the table.  The food was okay, nothing special.  Not sure we would go back.  The atmosphere was cafeteria like and noisy.  The only reason I rated two stars was because we had a Groupon, but not really worth the $42 for two people and two drinks!
if it had been any less like the original i would have been sad.
granted i'm not totally into jazz. ( i know. i'm a monster)
but if you go there on an off night it's a really nice place to go to with a date
followed up with of course their black and white picture booth so you can
remember the night forever. :) isn't that romantic?
Turf is good. Not really a place to bring to impress the hell out of people. Good though. It always works as an "I don't know where I want to go to eat...I'll just hit Turf." They recently added Off-Track-Betting. We'll see how that expresses itself !

Great Whiskey selection! 

Servers have always been pretty friendly. 

I've had their Chicken Parmigiana, its good.

Fries are excellent!
I absolutely LOVED the experience I had here.  The service, the wine, food, music, atmosphere and ambiance were all an AMAZING Experience.  I have heard of the restaurant, been referred by friends to try it and just never had opportunity.
Well, ** I WAS MISSING OUT **... !!! 
Then, I went on a 1st date there!  April 18th.  The man that took me says he goes at least once a week... I now see why.
It was a true delight.  I honestly felt as if I was in a very cozy home for amazing Italian cooking, yet also an upscale feel that also has a great mix of generations that all melted together in harmony.  I SO RECOMMEND THIS RESTAURANT.  We were greeted and welcomed, sat at the bar awaiting a table enjoying a glass of wine and listening to some amazing live music.  The area was very cozy and inviting.  Once our table was ready, the aromas of the foods were overwhelming to where you wanted just about everything on the menu.  The service was outstanding and very attentive.
Very much so receives high marks on all levels :)
I've lived in Ahwatukee 21 years now and at times, sadly we see business come and go that we Love ... This one is a Find and one You can "Love" and Make a Favorite too...!!!
For some reason, I can't take this place seriously...I think inside the atmosphere is cliched the wine list is large, but pricey, and the servers seemed to have an attitude. I felt as if I wasn't supposed to be there,  Since it's so "secretive" location-wise. We had to ask the burning bush for directions, and then find the key hidden by the singing swordsman,  and the door required a secret word to open. I mean really, just put up a sign, please..this isn't 1920's Prohibition Chicago. 

I guess if you want a full Scottsdale experience this is probably a good place to go. I feel like I'm spoiling all the reviews from my fellow yelpers, but I am not a big fan of this place. The food is great, and if you want  a cozy atmosphere, than you'll get it here but  If I could give 2.5 stars, I would....based on the obnoxious factor.  To measure the obnoxious level of any place, multiple the weight of all silicon implants, by the number of face peels, divide that by the number of nose jobs, and square that = obnoxious rating.
Wow - An authentic Italian restaurant!  We lived in Italy for a year and know the difference between Olive Garden and the real thing.  I've eaten at La Calabria 5 or 6 times and have always been pleased.  Every meal is served hot,  and every entree we've tried has been exquisite.  My favorite is the eggplant rollatine; the smooth and creamy ricotta-based filling is so satisfying.  My husband likes the chicken marsala.  But the penne alla vodka is heavenly too.  Last week I had a luncheon at my house for 20 VIPs, and asked Giovanni to prepare the entire meal.  The guests raved and I was thrilled that the food was (1) ready on time, (2) delicious, (3) ample, and (4) very affordable.  Clara's fluffy Italian cheesecake topped the meal off wonderfully.   Do yourself a favor -- take a friend and go there NOW.  We all need to support GOOD independent restaurants, and this one is better than good.
Do you love wine? And chocolate? Or both together? Need I say more then?? I first stumbled upon this glorious place while shopping in the Biltmore. I mean, who (ok maybe just us females) would NOT walk into a chocolate store  that also sells alcohol! You can sample off a tasing menu and sip a luxurious cocktail or take something to go like a box of chocolates. This I probably don't need to say makes for an amazing date or just something different and special to do! I got a Valentine's gift this year from Julia and LOVED it! Can't wait to go back again! Check out the website to really get the idea! 
http://www.juliabakerconfections.com/
Just came back from my second visit to The Main Ingredient, and I definitely plan to return! I'd been to this location a few times when it was Lisa G.'s, and I'm happy to report that MI is superior (I always found Lisa G.'s a little pretentious and overpriced). 

Sandwiches are great - the Jive Turkey and Tuna sandwiches are delicious and very flavorful - and the service is excellent! I came in with a group of 5 co-workers on our lunch break and there weren't any tables available for our party but the waitress was really nice and apologetic and told us she would seat us soon. She took our orders in advance because we were in a bit of a hurry and seated us within a few minutes. She offered to give us separate checks and brought them shortly after our food arrived; of course, saying "no rush," but just trying to be helpful because we were pressed for time. Finally, a restaurant that doesn't act like it's the hugest hassle in the world to provide separate checks! It's a reality of modern dining and I love it when restaurants don't treat you like a pariah for requesting your own ticket. It makes things so much less awkward/complicated when you're out for a quick bite to eat with friends or coworkers.

Definitely check out the Main Ingredient next time you're looking for good food and service in a cute, cozy environment.
Knowledgeable staff and an honest business.  They checked out my pool pump and suggested I just replace the seals.  Shasta wanted me to buy a whole new pump.  An inexpensive overhaul and some great pool advice and my pool's working again.  Thanks, Checker!
I just had to order "The Big Unit".  This caused a lot of yelling behind the bar amongst the servers adorned in black tears and diamondback jerseys.  

When the two foot dog was served, I immediately text a pic of my bf  posing with the ridiculously inappropriate wiener in pre-bite stance.  This caused a lot of replies about how gay he really is (which is pretty much true).

The funny part was that the dog was actually pretty good and that's coming from a Chicagoan.  I don't recommend the chili though.

My bf had the "Ricky Ricardo's Cuban" and was very pleased with it as well.  I was surprised to note more than a few vegetarian items on the menu and quite a few other items I'd like to try.

I don't get the hard rock cafe meets sportsbar concept, but it didn't interfere with my enjoyment so to each their own.
The pan roast is one of the best dishes in all of Phoenix.  Whether you order the combo, crawfish, or shrimp, each dish is packed with seafood and satisfies the belly like nothing else.  You still remember that you're eating in a casino, 'cause you really can't drown out the sounds from the slot machines or stop smelling the cigarette smoke wafting your way from all angles, but it doesn't matter, because the food is JUST THAT GOOD.  If you're sitting at one of the small tables away from the bar, it's also hard to ignore the mass of people that are constantly walking by you, since you're right off the casino floor, but don't let that deter you from eating here either.  The food is JUST THAT GOOD!

If you like okra, then you'll love the gumbo, which is also packed with fresh seafood-y goodness and okra-y sliminess.  The shrimp boil is not bad, and would be good on its own, but not when compared to any of the pan roast dishes.  The broth is a little too thin for my taste.  The chowders are excellent, as is the Caesar salad.  

But the thing that ties the whole thing together is their bread, which is kind of toasty and soft and chewy all at the same time, and which is perfect for extracting every last bite of sauce and crab bits from the last remnants of your pan roast.  Great bread + great butter + great pan roast = awesome meal every time.  And at only $12 for lunch, or $20 for dinner (for double the portion), I personally think that this meal is a steal.  

Sit at the bar and watch the whole cooking process take place, and prepare to be amazed.
I like Sakana! 

Great food, friendly service, and very casual/family-styled atmosphere... I was here twice in the last two weeks, both visits were great! Their price is very affordable compare to any good Japanese restaurants in the valley, and the rolls aren't small at all! 

Just come hungry and you'll leave happily satisfied ^.^
Great service with great products at a fair price. What more could you ask for..?
I happened to drive by this place on my way back from the cleaners. I looked it up on Yelp and saw that it had good reviews so I thought I'd give it a chance. The place is clean and the people who were there were very nice. The woman who did my pedi/mani did such a wonderful job. I had gone to another establishment when I first moved here a couple of months ago and I paid twice as much which I will never do again. This place is just as good if not a bit better. As mentioned by one of the other reviewers it almost feels as though you have to give a larger tip for how inexpensive they are and with the quality of the job done. I will definitely be coming back. They havec one more satisfied customer :)
I do no know how this place is busy. When you first enter the restaurant, you would smell the fishy place. It is a rule of thumb, never eat in a smelly place especial raw items. My friend insisted on me to try their sushi, so i ordered a dragon roll which is my favorite roll. The roll came to me with some mushed elk and salmon on top, literally it was gross. i grabbed a bite to taste, because i was curious about it. I don't know if the chef knows what he is doing or just throwing bunch of stuff in a roll. 
I hate to be critical but when i complained to the server who was extremely nice and told me the manger can't do nothing about it and we have to charge you. I was completely shocked and thanked her for the service but i would never ever come to such place.
Exactly what Mesa needed!  It was a very nice surprise to find this gem in N/E Mesa!  Usually when we were looking for a fine dining experience in a stylish, modern, elegant setting, we...as a lot of people would look to Scottsdale.  I had read about Cafe Boa Bistro in an article "Phoenix's Best New Restaurants", and was interested in trying it, not only for its close proximity to my home, but because they support our local economy by using mostly local ingredients...I love that!  So we decided to try it, and fell in love!  Everything we ordered was done to perfection!  Quality, presentation, quantity, and atmosphere...this place has it all!  We went earlier in the evening with our daughter, then after dinner, we dropped her off at the sitters and returned for drinks at the bar.  Its a great place if you are looking for a modern twist of sophistication, without having to deal with the Scottsdale scene, crowds, and attitude.  The food is amazing and not you typical Mesa chain Italian restaurant!  Again, this is a place with a modern flair, and the food reflects that as well...so come expecting a new experience in Italian cuisine!
Tons of in stock tile and wood flooring at great prices.  And they do have at least one designer on hand at all times - so if you need help choosing/matching grout or tile or accents, just ask for the designer.  Donna is on most days.  And the others are just as helpful but I've forgot other designer names.

Look, I do have to warn you that you will be waiting in line foooorrrevvver.  I buy a lot of flooring here (we're remodelling homes), and the one thing I always ask for is a set of recliners at the check out to make the wait easier :).  They did say they are redoing the store and changing the check out, so maybe it will be getting better soon?

I gave it 5 stars despite the often long checkout wait because this place is cheap cheap cheap, with a wide selection and a ton of stuff in stock.

I just finished giving a terrible review to Lumber Liquidators, and every complaint I have about LL is probably because I'm used to the great policies and actions of the store and employees of Floor and Decor.

If you're looking for a really cool backsplash mosaic tile in glass or stone or a combination or even metal - they have it.  Tons of ceramic.  Tons of porcelain.  And plenty of travertine, marble, etc.  They even have a whole aisle now of wood-look tile, right between the tile section and the wood section.  That's really popular right now, and I appreciate they have such a wide selection.

Go there.
Heres the deal its a great neighborhood go to - the pancakes and omelets are the big draw and the french toast is good to. They offer lunch items as well and i dig the shrimp plate :) staff is really on point and friendly and u find everyone from early worker bees to people in jammy attire :)
GREAT PLACE... very professional... great people, always asked what condiments would you like.  Not like other places..
This is the ghettoest burger joint I think in the whole world. From the outside, there is no way 99% of respecting human beings would dare walking in and ordering something. But I was confident in my fellow yelpers reviews and gave this place a shot. Ordered a 3/4 lb triple burger with bacon and large chili cheese fries. Very very good. I don't think 5 people could have finished the fries. It's way too much. Huge juicy patties and with all the fixins you want on it. Note to self, when ordering "large" from a hole in the wall, ask how big the large is. It's not always McDonald's large.
Smeeks is my happy place. 

After one visit I was hooked, and now I get nearly all of my gifts, treats and goodies at this amazing Phoenix candy shop. The colorful decor, fun atmosphere and amazing staff make Smeeks a rare find. 

With a wide variety of sugary treats, fun games and gifts and the perfect accessories to help you celebrate (a confetti cannon and sparklers are among my weaknesses), Smeeks is the perfect combination of sugary sweetness, downtown hip and good old-fashioned great business. 

I will be returning to Smeeks for gifts, treats and a good time for years to come. YUM!
Great little yogurt place.  At first I wasn't sure about not being self-serve, but it actually worked so that I wouldn't serve myself too much and wind up throwing yogurt away.  I like how they layer toppings for you and are willing to mix and match.
I had never thought it possible. An actual Dim Sum place that conjures up memories of Chinatown SF? 

No. I must be dreaming. There's no way that I can get succulent Shumai, Steamed BBQ pork buns, Lotus wrapped rice, and fried Sesame Bean Curd balls in Phoenix, Arizona.

Looking back, it did feel like a dream. Everything was right, even the dumpy decor, and (ironically enough), a tv playing the P90X infomercial in the background.  English was poorly spoken, as it should be, and the items are easily identified by pictures on the menu. 

Some oddities stood out, such as tripe, chicken feet, and shark fin, but I will save those for next time. 

We got the typical items, including Chinese sausage buns, egg custard, and  cilantro-wrapped noodles, and it was all tasty. While not the best I've ever had, it was still delicious. Cheap too!

Be adventurous, and go here. I fear that without support, this restaurant will fail due to it's absolutely terrible location.
We live just around the corner, less than a mile away and I walk my dog by here pretty frequently, so my boyfriend and I kept saying, man, we gotta go there sometime. Finally last Sunday we went to watch some football. It's a pretty simple place, doesn't seem to have any real city or team affiliations. They have a small patio and a few pool tables. I had the chipotle chicken sandwich with avocado, bacon and pepper jack cheese. The perfect thing to go with a beer. It was nice because they have a pretty good variety of side options. I had the home-made chips which were quite good. They had a gameday special of $2.00 domestic pints, if I'm not mistaken. They said they have poker a couple nights a week and some "unofficial" karaoke, sounds like a couple of their regulars bring in their own karaoke equipment and they just let them do their own thing. The service was a little slow, but it was game-day and our server seemed to be serving the entire restaurant. They have plenty of TVs and had everyone of the games going, plus some horse racing. I saw a complaint that it was loud. I didn't think it was too bad, I was able to sit and have a conversation with a girlfriend without shouting while the boys watched football. Overall, great neighborhood spot, I'm pretty psyched that I can walk there!
One of the coolest places to eat in Old Town. If you are 20-35, you will love it. Ambiance is loud and fun. Servers are all attractive and dressed casually. The decor is unique and modern. This is my favorite Sam Fox restaurant. 

Food is comforting and familiar-- but usually with a twist. 

Beer selection is great--- wine selection pretty good.

Great place to go with friends, on a date, or to pre-game before a hard night out.
Horrible place. The food was so-so, it was the management. They harassed and discriminated against me because I have a sight service animal. What they did was illegal by state and federal law. They should be ashamed.
I've lived here for a year and I'm staying in the complex because it beats all my other options.

Roosevelt Square definitely has its downsides--utilities were a lot more than I expected, especially in the summer. Be careful when choosing an apartment, especially if there are a lot of floor to ceiling windows. It's also a little pricier than other apartment complexes in the area, but time is money; with a gym, Pita Jungle, two local coffee shops, and the light rail within a hop, skip, and a jump away, it's completely worth it. I was disappointed with the pool--it's always cold and there is no jacuzzi. I never use it.

Those things being said, it's easy to feel unsafe in downtown. Roosevelt Square is one of the few apartments that I can say I have always felt safe in. There is a decent amount of security and the Phoenix police have a station in one of the buildings. The condos, church, and surrounding area make it nice and secure-feeling, and hey, it's all about confidence right?

Any time something has broken, the management has been pretty good about getting someone up to fix it within a couple of days. Not many complaints there.

I live in the "B" building which is definitely the quietest from what I've heard. I'm a college student but I heard most of them live in the "C" wing, while the "A" wing is near the light rail and public parking (popular among downtown Phoenix bar-goers).

The location is AMAZING. I can't imagine picking a better one. I live close to school and close to all my favorite local hot spots. I can bike, walk, or light rail virtually anywhere I want to go. I love that, and like I said, time is money.
I've been there numerous times, both at the old location, and the new one.  This was the first time I'd been there since they remodeled it, and I was really impressed.  It still had a nostalgic look, but without the dinginess it had before.  The ice cream is creamy, but not overly sweet.  I ordered 5 different flavors and was happy with the variety.  Especially delicious was the Peppermint Bark.
They did have unique items to Majerle's, but for the most part typical sports bar grub. The service was outstanding!! The best I have had ina long time.... Well worth the visit...
Found this place a couple months ago and now go almost every week, sometimes twice a week. 

The service is amazing. You never have to wait long to order, it's done quickly and they bring it to your table. 

The gyros are possibly the best I have ever had. I've had gyros in many different restaurants and different states but I cannot think of any better then the ones at z's Greek. It's an amazing place.
Yummy !!!!!! I did salted caramel with lots of unhealthy toppings on it and it tasted sooo good. I've never been able to find a salted caramel flavor before !! :) must go back again.
Wow, these Eastern Mesa people aren't afraid to go out for a buffet!  Like #1 Eastern yesterday, this place was already roaring busy at 11 AM on a weekday!

I got off to a good start with their 5-Star Clam Chowder!  There were some nice (peeled!) shrimp for the salad, tasty breaded & baked pieces of (cat?)fish, & all the usual good stuff.  The only negatives for me were that there were no fried chicken wings available, & the hot molten lava cake I came for didn't have any lava... just the cake!  What's up with THAT?¿?

Ok, excellent place overall!  Lunch Buffet $7.69, $7.19 Sr.
I Enjoyed my birthday celebration but I 
Was really annoyed that I didn't get the birthday
Discount.  We had two birthdays at our table
And the waitress said they would taker care of 
Us on the discount.  We spent a great amount
Of money and are always having birthday 
Celebrations there.  I was told one thing and 
When the bill came the 30.00 credit wasn't 
Accounted for.   You want to make your customers
Happy and have them return then take care of 
Them and keep your promises.  Hope you find
A way to rectify the situation .  You can contact
Me at bcashner@hotmail.com
Worse Mexican food I have ever ate!  I come from Ohio and had better food than this place!  Had a chicken dish with no seasoning or veggies!  Dried chicken with a dollop of creamy white sauce does not make a good dish.  The manager even came by and stated he would not charge me for the extra sauce I requested to help give the dish some flavor!  Also who serves a margarita in a water glass???? Never again, a waste of money!
I want to like this place since it is close to home...but, the food was just okay. The pad Thai was alright and the crab Rangoon was actually wonderful, but overall I find the favors lacking. I will try it again with the hopes I just chose the wrong entree.
Went for the first time last night.  Love the atmosphere.   Service was excellent.  I only ordered cottage fries and the chips and queso dip.  Fries did not seem fresh.  It was weird, some of the fries were hot and some cold.  It was as if they mixed old fries with new.  The chips were delicious but the dip was bland with no seasoning and I could not taste any sort of cheese.   It was pretty bad.  I came here for a drink and not to eat so whenever I want a drink, this is my go to place because the service and the atmosphere was excellent.  Just wish the food was up to par.
Long wait.  Ordered nutty pancakes,  Spied neighbor's great-looking omelette while waiting for said pancakes.  Tasted the cakes and wished I'd ordered the eggs.  Price-y menu made my mediocre dish even more disappointing.

Felt out of place here with so many well-dressed, salon-bed tanned people. Breakfast is my favorite time of the day, and dining here brought my cheerful mood down fast.
It's the post office....could the customer service have been better? Absolutely. Could it have been worse? Absolutely. I believe this is a dying bread anyway, unfortunately.
The service left me feeling a little lacking, especially since there were less than a dozen people in the whole place but besides that, I had a wonderful time. Reasonably priced and good quality food, but I would stay away from the Hello Kitty drink again...not too pleasing.
We drove out from Mesa to try this supposedly awesome vegan place new to town with a super cute name (Tediberto's = teddy bear toes! Love it!). This place was extremely hard to find... no sign, hard to find street numbers, no real sign of a restaurant, and no phone number listed. Most of the places in the neighborhood looked much the same - murals on the buildings, plenty without signs. We found a building we suspected would have the right street number associated with it, and after a walk around we found a very unique cafe-style place we thought might be Tediberto's. We went in to find a completely empty but stylishly decorated restaurant... you'd think an atomic bomb had gone off and we were the last two people on earth, but at least the place was fun to look at with hot purple glitter booths and fun Dia De Los Muertos type decor. We called out "hello?!" with no response. We found some menus on the counter (as well as someone's very nice wallet and cell phone, which we were nice enough not to take) and began to look them over. There weren't a lot of options (a simple 8x11 piece of paper one-sided), but most of the dishes sounded good but pricey. We stood around for about 20 minutes, calling out "hello?!" periodically. We finally heard someone back in the kitchen clanking dishes, so we called out "hello?!" a few more times, getting louder and more frustrated when they didn't respond. We finally walked out. Unfortunately we won't be making any special trips out to Tediberto's (more than a half hour from us) to try the food and be able to update the review.
Yes, just about every free-standing bar (meaning one that's not part of a hotel or something) tries to claim sports-bar status by littering their walls with big-screen TV's and tuning each to some different game. Well . . . see . . . anyone can do that, which is why it's popular. To make a REAL sports bar you need a management who develops sports as the raison d'etre of the place itself. And yes, I just used a fancy French phrase to philosophize about a sports bar.

Hazelwood's not only has large TV's on almost every vertical surface, they have TV's at every booth, just like truck stops in the old days had mini-jukeboxes. 

Hazelwood's has good bar-fare at good prices on their menu, but also impressive specials that are only in effect during games. One of their beer specials when I visited was Widmer Hefeweizen. How often do you see that on special in other places?

Hazelwoods's not only welcomes local amateur sports teams, they sponsor a few, like the local rugby guys.

Hazelwoods will not only call you a cab if you over-imbibe, they also will shuttle you home in their own shuttle craft for free within a reasonable distance. This is putting their money within reasonable distance of their mouth, if you ask me.

But what is most important--and is most likely a result of the policies and features above--is the customer base. When I go into a sports bar and sit at the bar I want the guys next to me--strangers who just happen to be sitting there--to occasionally lean over and say in breathless excitement while staring me in the eye "THE DIFFERENCE IN TIME OF POSSESSION IN THE FIRST HALF OF THE GAME WAS LESS THAN 5 MINUTES BETWEEN NEW YORK AND INDY!" Seriously, this is important to me because just as people in a dancing bar should be fully involved with dancing, people in a sports bar should be fully involved with sports. And I find such running commentary helpful because I basically don't know shit about football.

Also, on the night I was there the rugby players were entertaining the whole bar with their profane gang-sings about necrophilia and such. This further contributed to the integrity of the impression. This is a sports bar full of sporty people.

So yes, Hazelwood's is a success and deservedly so. This is a SPORTS BAR. It's not an Applebee's, nor is it a dive with a lot of TV's. If you enjoy the spirit of the rabid spectator and can share the excitement of those who thrill to vicarious participation, you should go to this place.
Best restaurant ever!  Never had a bad dish and the staff is great. I've been coming here for over 20 years and it still remains one of my favorites. I recommend everything!
If someone hadn't told us exactly where to find Dick's, we would have never known it was there.
We were actually in Northern AZ when some tourists mentioned Dick's hideaway.
The exterior doesn't even have a sign!
Very dimly lit, so at first, I was hesitant. Tiny, tiny eatery. maybe 3 tables, and seating along there bar (we sat at the bar).
It was in the middle of a downpour, so our wait was no more than 5 minutes, but every table was full. I can imagine on a regular weekend, the line is probably out the door...the breakfast was fresh, made right in front of you, and I watched as they sprinkled fresh blueberries on my pancakes. Soooo good.
The coffee was great and the bacon was out of this world. 
My husband has the carne adovada which he LOVED.
Charming and eclectic-definitely going back.
Went here with family on a Wednesday morning and waited for less than a minute to be seated. My family got scrambled eggs, pancakes, omelettes, and they all loved them! I got scrambled egg whites, wheat toast, mixed fruit, and a thick slice of french toast. My meal was very good but the french toast wasn't very hot and sugary like I'd expected. The staff is very quick and friendly, and the location is good as well as the diner atmosphere. I would eat here again.
Really great food here. I had the burrata appetizer and it was stunningly good... like I have dreams about it. Order that! It's like a softer mozzarella with some pesto and fresh greens - so tasty :) 

We also had the bolognese which was better than what I make at home - something that I think is hard to beat. 

I want to try the paella night - that's supposed to be really yummy! The chef here really knows what he is doing, so I'm sure it's good. 

I also really liked our waiter... I have been back twice since my first experience and she remembers us every time which is really nice.
Being a former band nerd in high school, so much nostalgia kicked in upon entering the museum. I saw all the instruments I was familiar with in high school, and many others that I wasn't familiar with (and learned much about). 

They supply you with headphones and a wireless receiver that plays the audio/video of the different sections you walk into. Each plays a sample of what the instruments sound like and some give detailed history on the instrument. Very enlightening experience.

Best Part IMO: They have a room where you get to test random instruments to your heart's content! I really wanted to go ham on the gong but there was a sign that said something along the lines of "do not hit the gong repeatedly". I was disappoint... but otherwise many other instruments in there kept me occupied for awhile (xylophone, conga, harp, etc)

It's not an arm and a leg to get inside, and this place has something for everybody. You're sure to spend a few hours enjoying yourself here.

If you're going to do anything in Phoenix, this is one of the spots you should definitely check out.
Here's the newest addition to Harrah's Casino complex out here on the Rez.  This amusement center features 24-lane "Ten Pin Bowl" bowling center, a big 12-screen Theater, "347 Grill and Bar" with booze, pizza & so on, a video arcade with the hottest new games, conference/party rooms, a nice outdoor patio area with tables, and more.

This whole place is beautiful and theatre admission prices are LOW, at around $6.to $9 for first run movies!  (Prices for individual screenings vary according to age, time of day, military status & so on, but everyone gets a shot at the lowest prices!)

This place is smaller than Amazing Jake's but it's classy...  won't remind you of Taco Bite!     :-))
Fast and friendly. Awesome soft garlic naan. I had the goat karahi and it was delicious. Looked like mom was in charge in the kitchen too. A lot of local indians dining in as well. A good sign. Big ole cup of steaming chai too. I'm hooked. Decore sucks but who cares? It's all about the food. I will return despite the 20 minute bus ride from my hotel.
This place was great.  Great location, great staff, modern rooms etc.  They also have a free shuttle service to anywhere within a 3 miles radius. Definitely recommend.
Maybe I just went on an off night, but I was NOT impressed with their burger and their fries were disgusting. 

Being from Chicago, I think my expectations for burgers was a bit higher and I had heard so much about this place, but I was let down greatly by the cheeseburger I got.

On top of that the best way I can describe the fries were that they tasted like someone had tried to rip off McDonald's fries... but they were stale and not hot. Gosh, those fries were icky. They ruined my appetite for the burger and had me wanting to drive to McDonald's just to have a different taste in my mouth.

I can say that I would never go back here. I'd rather hold out for some Portillo's because In and Out was a huge disappointment.
This place is nice but nothing outstanding. If you are looking for a place to go and get pampered this is not the place for you. The pool is nice and the hot tub is pretty large and awesome.  

The only restaurant on the premises is a small snack shop by the pool which has sandwiches and such. The rooms have kitchens which provide what you need if you want to make your own food while you are there. There is a breakfast provided from 8-8:45 two days a week which is nice but isn't out for long after the 8:45 end time. During that time you are presented different activities and excursion type stuff you can do in the area.

The concierge is definitely helpful as they recommended a good breakfast place (though there are others) and helped us get a tee time at a discounted rate at a nice course nearby.

Assuming you have a car, going to Sedona is a must and is a pretty drive up there. Also interesting if you are adventurous and are comfortable driving on unpaved roads in the mountains is driving the Apache Trail which goes out to Tonto National Forest and Roosevelt Lake.

I would likely go somewhere else if I went back to Scottsdale as I wasn't blown away by the place, but it depends what type of vacation you are looking for. The place was clean but the maid service didn't really do much.
If you value your life, don't go to Banner Boswell.  My husband was told to go to the ER by his doctor's office.  He arrived at Boswell around 10 a.m.  He is diabetic and has heart and high blood pressure problems.  When I arrived at 2 in the afternoon, his blood pressure was 177/87, and he had not been offered anything to eat. I told the staff that he needed his afternoon blood pressure meds.  They said I had to wait for the doctor.  The doctor came and examined him and ordered a nitroglycerine patch and left.  An hour later, he had still not received blood pressure medication and his blood pressure was still alarmingly elevated.  I talked to the nurse who told me that the doctor hadn't ordered any medication as he was afraid that with the nitro it would lower his blood pressure too low.  I had to leave at 4 p.m. for a doctor's appointment.  My husband called me at 6:45 p.m. to say that he had been given a room.  His blood pressure was still sky high; he had still not been offered food or blood pressure lowering meds.  I talked to him several more times trying to calm him down.  At 9:30 p.m. he still hadn't received medication or food.   The next morning when I went to visit, they had him on a sodium chloride drip.  I don't understand why they would be giving sodium when his blood pressure often shoots up to over 200.  He could have been given water to drink if he was dehydrated.    We will never go to this hospital again
My husband and I enjoyed our 3rd anniversary here. Growing up in a big (loud) Italian family Bucca made me feel right at home. I love waling through the kitchen to get to your table, the family style dining, the music, and the artwork. Thank you for making our evening so special!
Maybe the management is trying to conserve their carbon footprint  - it sure was dark in there.

Ahhh - but I'm burying the lead.  

I'm a fan.  Good food that combines interesting flavors - like their Apricot BBQ Chicken Sandwich.  I usually order the same thing -- a shaved chicken pita sandwich (with feta, olives).  I've also tried the Crepes and they were yummy - but I feel like the sauce could have been richer, thicker and tastier.  But don't let that deter you -- it was still great.

The service was good, but I thought the space was a little crammed (...if you read any of my other reviews - I don't like to feel crowded ).   I'm giving the stars to different menu options.

Support your local, stand-alone, restaurants in Central Phoenix!
Really 2.5 stars, and with some small changes, it could be 3.5 stars. 

I don't come here for the food (with one exception) and I wish I was driven to come here for the beer -- but so far, I'm not. 

The beer is OK, but nothing stands out, and for now, this is a big for now, the beer is not made in house, but that will change soon. Being an IPA lover, I am stunned that their IPA has the lowest IBUs, at 17, among their 4 beers (IPA, Pale Ale, Lager, Oatmeal Stout). I'm at a loss on the IPA (and yes, I did get all beer geek on you). I don't need 90 Minute IPA levels, but I'd like to taste my hops. That said, the IPA has good flavor. 

The staff is friendly and usually a blast to hang out with, although it appears turnover is high (yes, I know, shocking). I've had some great nights and afternoons just chatting with people (including watching some Marines in from CA hit on every woman that moved...it was one of the few times that I was actually rooting for the guys). It is a nice, although slightly awkward space, because of a front room that makes no sense. Still, it has a bar that opens to the outside and a nice patio. 

The food is slow and average on a good day. However, the sausage/bratwurst sampler is awesome, but I'm not sure it is on the menu all the time. And let me tell you, if you play hide the brat with me, I'm not down. 

Ultimately, I would hang out here more often if the establishment had cared about a small error that was made with one of my credit receipts (and the beer was better). Basically, a $7 + $3 tip receipt was run for $40 instead of $10. I informed them and left a note with my bank record for the manager. She never called and the error was never fixed. Consistent with the nice staff, the bartender did comp me a beer when I told her the story. 

Given the good location, I'm sure Dave's can survive, I just hope the beer improves.
Super cute, lingerie inspired, swimsuits that are super expensive ($200+).

 That being said, I want to buy every bikini in the store when I when the lotto. Beach Bunny sells their bikinis as separates, so I suppose one could work up to owning a complete swimsuit. In addition to their lacey and blinged out suits, they also sell bedazzled flip flops, unique coverups, a few track suits, and a small selection of miscellaneous clothing items and jewelry. They also have a very cute, but small, selection of bridal swimsuit appeal for those honeymooning in a tropical setting. I'm also in love and desperately want one of their adorable, extra large (the sales lady said seven foot long), ruffle trimmed, terry cloth beach towels. But those will run you out about $60.

The dressing room area has a couch for your friends to sit on while you try items in what reminded me of the old style beach tents. The sole sales lady was very nice and added me to their mailing list for sale notifications (the only way I will be able to rationalize shopping here) and I ended up buying an $80 lacey t-shirt for $38 (win!).
I just noticed that La Piccola or also known as Andys Place has another online deal, this time on livingsocial. I am puzzled by the thought that this business belittles patrons that use such a coupon and on the other hand keeps promoting them.... What am I missing.
Pretty good brownies, very moist and tasty, I've tried just about all the flavors and there all good...
There are three people that regularly work here. Pretty normal. The 40 year old lady with the glasses is pretty cool. She seems like the bosslady. Like most Circle K's this one is clean.

No jalepenos in the hot dog area. Apparently, "they spoil too quickly" Oh yeah, this place has a different type of 44oz fountain cup every other day.
The ONLY reason this place gets one star(aside from the fact that I can't give it NO stars)is that the security staff is cool when I bring  my dog for early am training.Actually I think they might be relieved as he is a working dog,and probably looks like added security.
One morning I was going in with him and all the crackheads who hang by the Bank of America ATM were already amassed.One of them asked me"Hey.is that a po-leese dog?"My reply was "Sort of.He's a drug dog trained to find meth." I never saw so many disability claiming neer do wells scatter so fast.
They were still gone when I went to leave.
The place is sketchy,nasty,and the parking lot is NOT safe.More often than not,skells are perusing it looking in vehicle windows and trying doors.
The malwart there is one of the nastier ones I've been in,so much so,that even with gas prices being what they are,I will drive further away for a less frightening shopping experience.
The shops in the actual mall part are gehttofab,so if you really need a chola version of Marilyn Monroe on a t shirt,there are a few places that sell really nice ones.
There's one shop that sells really cheap costumne jewelry,but for some unknown reason,the place REEKS of formaline.I don't know how anyone can actually work there and not incur liver damage from whatever the toxic waste they're storing there is.
The excure for a food court is terrifying.Yes,I'd like the deep fried ptomaine on a stick with a side order of Shigella please.
Ick ick ick and ick.
Great Ahi. I love just getting a drink and app, well maybe a dessert as well. Always Yummy.
mainly for their drinks and the happy hour on Wednesdays!!! We had many different things for food and all tasted really good. The place has nice decoration and you really feel comfortable wherever you sit.

The 5th star will come when they don't force you to tip :) (Can't I decide if the service was that good or not?)
Extremely bizarre to roll up on this place and see exactly one vehicle in the parking lot, front or back. It's right off I-10, so you'd think more people would roll off for a bite. Whatever... I'm willing to take a few things on faith at my age.

The host/waiter/etc guy (I think there -had- to be a separate cook in the back, but I'm not sure) was efficient and professional. Everything was quick including ordering, serving, drink refills, and so on. I wouldn't go so far as to say he was friendly, but he wasn't unfriendly either. He just... was. Really, though, isn't that enough? Do we need intrusive or annoyingly perky servers?

The food was very good. My wife had the Pork Birria and I had flautas. The pork was cooked well and the sauce was delicious. The flautas were very good with nice fresh toppings. They have a good recipe for mexican rice as well. Portions were reasonable, as you can see from some of the photos.

Check this place out. It's worthwhile to support a local place that's doing good by its customers.
The man needed a dress shirt to go with the suit he brought for tonight's event and lo and behold, we spotted this place and didn't have to deal with Arrowhead Mall.

We walked in to a sea of young men getting fitted for their prom attire and a salesmen immediately approached us-grateful to see a few crows feet I am sure.

He was great-non pushy and helped us get a shirt and tie that was needed. He even steamed the shirt for us so we didn't have to deal with it ourselves.

$75.00 and not a single problem or waiting in line with all the "boys". Great service and EASY!!!
J & G = my husband's and my first initials.  For that reason alone, I've been wanting to try this Steakhouse.  The menu is created by Michelin starred Chef, Jean-Georges Vongerichten.  The restaurant resides atop the high end Phoenician Resort.  And I've heard many a good review about this place.  Unfortunately, my expectations were too high; my experience at J & G was mediocre.

Our team of servers led by Justis was not the problem, the service was fine.  And the drinks were decent too... I especially was happy with my extra dirty Goose martini - it was as big as my head and went down smooth.  But the food was not worth the money!  

The rolls they serve don't compare to the popovers at BLT or the bread basket at Mastro's.  The Caesar salad didn't have much flavor.  The Rib eye  steak, while a nice portion, was dry and lacked typical rib eye flavor.  The Chilean Sea Bass was just ok... and I typically love sea bass, especially when it's prepared with a miso-yuzu broth, but I've had better.  And while I didn't try the sweet and sour pork belly, the guys at our table left half of it uneaten.  That's gotta say something.

On the other hand, our party of five enjoyed the oyster appetizer and the family style sides (roasted mushrooms, steamed broccoli, and creamed spinach).  We also enjoyed the ambiance, the beautiful view, and the desserts.  My favorite was the carrot cake but we also tried an apple tart and the chocolate lava cake.

Bottom line - it really comes down to the food... If you're looking for an incredible steak house, there are a handful of others I'd recommend before J & G.
Between my wife and I we had White Sangria, house salad, Margarita, and the seared tuna during happy hour. Very impressed with $16 tab.

Very industrial feel, would call it a nice place for casual people. Food was wonderful, the margarita was fairly strong.
By far the best Mexican food place around! I have been going to Valle Luna since I was a kid and the food is always up to par. You know what you are getting when you go. Sometimes the service can be streaky but overall one of the better places to go. 

Last time i tried their Cheese crisp extraordinaire. It was freaking amazing. I love when you pile steak, bell peppers, cream cheese, onions, and more into a cheese crisp.
Not a fan!!!! The service was good. The waitress was a little slow but she apologized for being slow and brought me a lot of coffee which I appreciated because I was up before 7am that day.

The reason I'm not a fan is because of the food.  I realize this is IHOP and the food isn't supposed to be fantastic but it's supposed to be represented corrected by the pictures on the menu and warm right? I ended up getting the fit and free breakfast meal. Which consisted of two scrambled substitute eggs, dry toast, a cup of fruit and two pieces of turkey bacon. Sounds good right? I thought it would be too! 

When the food came out I was super dissappointed. I ended up getting half an egg, a bowl of spoiled fruit that I couldn't eat, turkey bacon and toast. The toast was good but can you really mess up toast? The turkey bacon was chewy and my eggs were cold. I really wish they would have told me there was not going to be as much food as advertised or I would have gotten something different.
Great brisket - it's the only thing I ever get.  

As for everything else - I haven't a clue.  But damn! Their brisket is tasty. 

I think they could probably use some general business improvement like accepting credit cards, managing a line, or improving the general customer service - 

That said the staff has always been nice to me and I keep coming back for the brisket!
10 yrs experience with Godaddy.  Fine for domain names although their renewal price continues to rise.  Discounts are only on new products.  AVOID Godaddy for hosting - terribly unreliable.  Tech support is terribly unsympathetic and will not even consider the simple solution if it is outside of protocol.  I'd recommend another host like Hostmonster - cheaper, more reliable, very helpful support.  

I'd prefer to keep everything in one place but that just wasn't viable.
This review is based on the pork products I picked up at the Mesa Farmers Market.  I understand they have a restaurant opening soon, and I'll for sure have to check it out.

For $12 you get a bag of frozen smoked pulled pork that is so easy to fix at home!  Just put it in a pan - I added a little (very little) of my favorite bbq sauce - and heat until hot.  Great smoke flavor, no fatty pieces and very tender.  The pulled pork is as good as any I've had from a bbq place here or anywhere.  I also tried the ham steaks and they were tasty, not fatty and much better than any ham steak I've bought at the grocery store.  

I'm a repeat customer and that says it all!
Sadly vacations have to end some time, but if you are fortunate enough to vacation here you will not want to leave. The rooms or rather the casitas are so spacious and cozy that is feels more like a private residence. This is NOT your typical 'enter the room off a long scary hallway immediately in rectangular box with one bed and a bathroom' establishment. We stayed in one of the larger suites that had a welcoming foyer, living room with fireplace, dining room, enclosed sunroom and small kitchenette/bar with refrigerator, sink, microwave and Keurig coffee maker. The bedroom and bathrooms were also generous in size than most homes. All the furnishings, decor and style obviously were well designed and placed.

Let's now talk about the sensational service from the entire staff. Cordial, friendly, personable and professional in every aspect. From the conceirge, front desk, room service, housekeeping, bell hop, valet and poolside attendants (can you tell we took advantage of every nook and cranny at this place?) everyone was very attentive and helpful. Thank you Sanctuary resort! We look forward to returning again.
It is a unique place, very old Phoenix.
When I first moved here I thought it was odd that there was a club named after a train depot in New York City. Then I learned it was Graham and not Grand and that it's a chain with clubs in other states. I attended this Tempe club often before I decided to go to Scottsdale. 

I've never consistently went back.

It's kind of neat to have 4 clubs in one with such a diverse group of people under one roof. As the night goes on those diverse people begin intermingling when say, the cowboys move to the hip-hop floor at 1 am.

The music is pretty poor and the cover is too high for what this place is.

The hip-hop side is a grindfest with wholesome females earnestly waiting to be the next one in the cage to strut her stuff. It's also the warmest room in the club. Uncomfortably warm.

The cowboy room might be the best in the club. I know nothing about country music or country dancing but there is a large dance floor in there and a mechanical bull and the people who hang out in that room genuinely seem to be enjoying it. 

The karaoke room is basically a hallway with a bar so a number of passerbys moving from room to room will hear you if you dare to take the stage. 

The 80's room basically features a plastic round Rubik's Cube with people dancing on it. I don't really consider 'Footloose' to be 80's music even if it did come out in the 80s, but that's the kind of music that's played in there. 

I've learned that if the parking lot to the right of LA Fitness isn't filled, neither is the club. It's a pretty good gauge.

I know this club will be a Tempe legend one day since Bachelor Bob made an appearance here and Girls Gone Wild did a promo here, but I'd rather go elsewhere and I live fairly close by.

One thing Graham's does in the day time is it lends its space out (Country room) for parties, sometimes to schools or organizations that focus on the physically and developmentally disabled. 

I don't know other night clubs that do that and that in itself is worthy of an extra star.
My son started coming here when he was 18 months old and he's now 4.  We haven't been going to the classes consistently.  There's always a break for the summer  . . . overall, we like this place.

The most important thing to consider is that my son always have fun here.  The instructors are nice and patient with the kids.

Some of my other friends wouldn't agree with me regarding the kindness and patience of the instructors . . . but I stand by my own experience here with my son and we have had only good experiences.

Well, now there's the option with going to North Valley Gymnastics.  I just don't know, I'll have to give this some thought and figure it out once summer is over.

Regardless, Arizona Sunrays is a great place to bring your kids.  I also love their Parents Night Out and $5 Sunday open gym!
I thought it was okay.
My food came really wrong.
I really liked the chips.
= = = = = =  CLOSED  = = = = = =

This nice Indian Buffet has closed but a new one, Mayuri Palace is up & running in the building.  (I plan to try it today & will post a Review.)     :-)
Great food and coffee at a reasonable price
this place ROCKS! my bro's friend owns it and we had the pleasure of stopping by before our flight out of phoenix airport. sushi chef and owner, rich cho aka "roll-meister", uses fresh ingredients and creates mouth-watering inventive rolls. we didn't order off the menu and just let him prepare the rolls for us. my favorite was the spicy tuna stuffed in jalapeno's. YUMMY!!!! *drool*...he seriously dominates all the other sushi joints in the area (probably because he's from the bay and we know what good food is)! he even mentioned how being a sushi chef = psychologist to those sitting at the sushi bar...so true! 

cute tidbit: the regulars they get their own real chopsticks (not disposable) and is brought out when they come in. 

if you're in the area....this place is a must!
With so many great coffee shops in the Valley, this one is only just ok in my book. The location is decent and a good choice when looking for a nice patio to sit on or a quick cup o' Joe, but it fills up quickly. The staff is friendly as well. I'm not a huge fan of their iced coffee though. I ordered an iced mocha and watched them concoct it. They seem to use sugar free powder, add it to hot liquid and pour it into the coffee then add milk. Unfortunately, it didn't quite work for me and the iced coffee wasn't so iced and I tasted chunks of powder throughout. I've had their hot drinks though and their regular coffee is decent. I just wouldn't suggest going the iced route unless maybe you go the frozen route..now those are pretty tasty.
AMAZING service. My filet was outstanding. My friend's was slightly overdone for her taste. We didn't complain, but the waitress overheard us talking about it and the manager came over and made my friend have a second one, mind you she was already 90% done with the first and would have been totally fine with it, but he insisted. It's pricey but you more than get what you pay for. (Full disclosure, I'm from New York and it seemed cheap to me, but I guess around here it was a lot) if I lived in Arizona, I would try to eat here once a week, but I would make sure I took a dump across the street at Ruby Tuesday. THAT place sucks and should be shut down.
Phoenix is one of my favorite cities, but this airport is not one of my favorites to fly into.  It is a large airport, but not that easy to get around.  You have to walk...a lot.  I usually fly US Airways and this airport is a hub for that airline.  The car rental location is far from the airport, but the shuttles are pretty reliable.  Some of the positives about the airport are that it's very clean, and has free Wi-Fi and offer an array of dining options.  So if your ever stranded (fingers crossed that it doesn't happen), you will be comfortable and won't go hungry as long as you have some cash flow.  

B. Major Grade:  C
So worth the wait in line, every time! Must order the pizza with sausage, Italian Flag lasagna, and pizza cookie. The sausage will surprise you as it has just a kick of spice to make your mouth water. They took away the lasagna and just brought it back again. I hope they keep it permanently because it is hands down the best I've ever had and I'm a fanatic about lasagna. Pizza cookie is a must have. Macadamia nut is out of this world but you can also split out with chocolate chip if you can't decide.
Everything about this experience was so spot-on. Every single person on staff was friendly, warm, and helpful. The food was perfection: creative, tasty, unpretentious. Both the indoor and outdoor seating is gorgeous and heavy on the ambiance (in a good way). 
We started with the lamb&foie gras meatballs (oh, how far I've fallen from meatless diet) and the brisket + biscuit (I'm a sucker for a good rhyme). Both were incredible, and turned out to be a fair indication of what was to follow. Collectively, we ordered the streak, the lamb pasta, and the scallops. SCALLOPS FTW. Everything was beautiful and tasty, but the scallops really took it home. 
As for drinks, don't leave here without trying their house made cinnamon whiskey. My parents loved it so much that they're still drunk as I type this. Additionally, I ordered a Pimms Mule and my mom had a Cosmo, both of which were expertly crafted and delicious. 
If you're in Scottsdale and looking for an intimate setting with exquisite food, don't hesitate to make a reservation here (but seriously, make a reservation because this place is always poppin').
The wife and I decided to hit up Bourbon Steak for Restaurant Week 2009.  We couldn't get in last year because we waited a little bit too long on the reservations so we were definitely anticipating our visit.  The first word of advice, if you don't plan on utilizing valet parking at the front of the resort, please be prepared to be confused where to park.  We saw at least three lots that were virtually empty but we weren't able to park there without a special code or room key.  

We arrived right on time for our 6:30p.m. reservation and were seating right away outside on the balcony.  It was nice out, a little humid, thought they might ask us if we'd like inside or outside...  One note about the seating outside...the tables are VERY close together, not only could I hear everything the couple next to us was talking about, anytime the server was helping them, his butt was a little too near our table.  

We were greeting by our waiter quickly, and he took our beverage orders, and explained how restaurant week worked.  Shortly after he left to give us some time, another employee came up with some duck fat fries, compliments of the house.  There were three different flavors with three different sauces.  The herb fries and truffle fries were enjoyed, the paprika ones, not as much.  Shortly after this, we were brought out a nice tasting focaccia bread.  Our waiter came back and we ordered our apps, entrees and dessert from the restaurant week menu, and also added an order of truffled mac n cheese from the regular menu.

I had the beef carpaccio, which was pretty tasty. One thing I did not like about it was that there was some random things on it, but I couldn't tell what it was, because by this time it was dusk and I couldn't see my plate real well.  The wife had the greens, which she liked.  For entrees, we both ordered the kobe flat iron & short ribs.  Both were flavorful, but I have to say the flat iron was better than the short ribs, only because the fatty flavor of the short ribs became a little overpowering after eating the whole thing.  The accompanying carrots and pasta were also quite tasty and I virtually cleaned my plate.  Next, out came the desserts, wife with the marscapone cheesecake and myself with the beignets w/ butterscotch sauce (or pot de creme for the foodies).   I had heard pretty good things about the beignets...I have to say I was just whelmed w/ them, they were fine.  Okay flavor.  I didn't particularly care for the sauce, I'd have preferred a little more butterscotch, this seemed more scotchy to me (but if you really like scotch, I bet you'll like the sauce).  The wife loved the cheesecake.  I was seriously surprised that she let me try some the way she was raving about it.  It was pretty good, I have to say.  You may be wondering though, 'how was the truffled mac n cheese'?  I'm still wondering the same thing!  They never brought it out.  It's no wonder, as it didn't make it to the receipt, so our waiter must have just spaced on it.  Probably for the best because we were stuffed after this delicious meal and I don't know where we would have put some mac n cheese.

I rate Bourbon Steak four stars.  The food was for the most part great.  The service was very attentive, with one blunder of a missed order.  The atmosphere was also very nice with the exception of the close quarters and poor lighting.  I would not hesitate to recommend to anyone.
My hubby selected Feeney's for my bday dinner because I have been dying to try a Beef Wellington after watching Hell's Kitchen for years.  Pastry and beef, hello!!!  

This place is one of those old school restaurants, tables, and feel.  I remember these places when I was a kid.  We were greeted right away and she turned out to be our server too.  Maria was awesome and her support staff.  Our drinks were never empty and they came to check on us multiple times but not to the point that they are standing over us.  

We ordered:
Chicken Wings with Ranch - Those little things are spicy but so crispy.  The ranch helped to cut some of the spicy.

Cream of Broccoli Soup - Thick, creamy, and good.

Beef Wellington - OMG, it was good.  It was so good, I could not stop eating.  The mash potato and gravy was a great side to go with my wellington.  

Lamp Chops - My hubby loved it!  He said we are coming back!!!

They bread that came with the meal was so good!!!  I ate both pieces of the rye.  My husband had the pumpernickel.

The server found out we were there to celebrate my bday, so she bought me a huge slice of mud pie (ice cream).  It was so good and they sang happy birthday to me.  Too bad, I was only available to have a few bites.  I was so full from the wellington, but happy bday to my hubby, he inhaled MY mud pie.  =)
Update:  closed for business.  farewell and thanks for the fun times.

Yarn and knitting supplies in central Phoenix!  Hooray and thank you!

We stopped by today and had fun exploring this tiny place, a colorful jumble of garden ornaments, jewelry, accessories, knick knacks literally floor to ceiling.  It feels like you are rummaging around someones cozy attic full of remnants from days gone by.  The sweet couple minding the shop were quite charming and made sure to point out little items they thought we might enjoy.  On every visit you are likely to notice some little thing you had not seen before.  

We went specifically for the yarn and here's what we found in the back of the shop...quite a bit of Southwest Trading Company yarn so if you like bamboo wool blends you will be quite pleased.  One of the owners ( thank you Glen) has thoughtfully knitted up sample socks and other display items so you can see how the yarn will look when it's knit up.  Nice touch!  There was handpainted sock yarn (dyed by Glen, we were told) and some other off the beaten path yarns here and there, such as natural colored llama from new Mexico and a little bit of handspun and chunky hand dyed yarn from labels I had not seen before.  

Numerous sizes of bamboo knitting needles (straight, double pointed and circular) displayed in a multi drawered antique chest, as well as a basket of stitch markers and some unusual buttons.  A few well edited knitting how to books that are compatible with the types of knitted items on display.  We were told rhere are classes and author visits coming soon, would be worth stopping by to get on their mailing list.

A nice little neighborhood place that will be fun to stop by and visit from time to time.  They said they are currently open weds through saturday till 6 pm.
The food and drinks are fantastic even though they are overpriced. I've been here twice and the first time I enjoyed the huge serving of mussels and the second time I went off of the bread and cheese menu which was fantastic. You can't beat having a great meal and then playing ping pong for an hour with drinks afterwards.
I bought a Sonoran Emerald Palo Verde tree there in the past ... good service and beautiful tree ... now see "going out of business"

ad in 7-16-11 Santan Sun News "Going out of business Clearance sale" all stock cash & carry no credit cards. - must be gone by end of July - doors closing! info@santannursery.com (no web site that works) on Chandler Heights between Cooper & Gilbert.
seriously.  if this place were to move downtown, adopt a more quirky moniker (maybe bamboozled? or perhaps, mock the duck?) they could charge twice as much for half the portions.
Great Sushi, great drinks, great service and most of all -great staff!   After a couple of visits -the staff miraculously remembers what you and your friends ordered to drink or eat!  I was meeting a friend there so I ordered my drink and the service connoisseur asked what my guest would like and I couldn't remember what he drank!  She asked me if he had been there before with me and I said yes -and began to describe him amongst the group that was with us last time --she immediately said "oh yes, he had a "drink name here" and said she would bring him a cold one to be ready for when he arrives"......amazing -I still can't remember what he drank -but the fact that she remembers you when you come in -and can remember you if you aren't even there yet....that's what I call excellent service and a true connection with your customers!
I went here for a holiday work party and thought it was okay. My biggest problem was that it smelled bad, like smelly fish bad. It's hard to shake that smell. The decor seemed a little dated but most steakhouses kind of end up looking like that. I ate a bunch of side dishes (as a vegetarian) and thought the mushrooms and garlic mashed potatoes were the best. The cuts of meat looked huge and everyone I was with really enjoyed them. The flourless chocolate cake was very yummy but also very rich and thick and I doubt a single person could finish the entire dessert after a big steak, so order dessert to share.
If you read my first review of this store you would know I was planning on ordering a prime rib. Well I did on Friday for Sunday evening pickup along with 21 twice cooked baked potato's. When ordering I noticed there was something wrong with the guy taking the order, I later learned he was have an allergic reaction to something. When I get there on Sunday to pick up my order the butcher there was cleaning up for closing time and I tell him why I am there. He looks all over the place and can not find the order or evidence of one ever being made. So he with a smile and great attitude made up what we needed and got it to us quite quickly. This Butchers name I believe is Ed Peet, could be wrong about that but I think I am right. 

So basically this review is about him, his great service and fantastic representation of his employer. Indeed five star service. 

Oh and considering what was going on with the butcher who took the original order I can understand how it got forgotten. The poor guy looked pretty bad.
Pepe. Can I call you Pepe? Here's the deal. 
Salsa squeezed out of a bottle. Not so great. It runs all over my plate making it difficult to scoop up. In a bowl or ramekin would be nice. Chips were good however. 

Service. Well. Let's just say I had VIP service as I was with three hot Latinas. Yep. Gay gringo + Hot Latinas = stellar service. Excelente!

Tamales? Why are they a reddish orangey color? Sad. They were dry, not very sweet (like I imagine Nicole Kidman would be) and well, did I mention sad? The pork filling, however was succulent and tasty. Kinda what I imagine Ryan Reynolds would taste like. 

My friend's chicken soup was ORGASMIC. Or as they say in Spanish. ORGASMICO. You see. You just add an O and you're bilingual. Order the soup my yelpitas. Be. The soup. 

And. The margaritas. Well, when you're day drinking and starting at 11:30 am (hey it's 5:00 somewhere, right?) it doesn't take long to catch a buzz. I mean, I''m still tasting my vanilla mint crest with the first sips. But the margs were very smooth, tart and just enough kick.

Cut to me floating in my friends' pool after lunch. Happy. Feliz I should say. But wishing I had stuck with my first choice of carnitas or had ordered the chicken soup. 

Next time. Or. El tiempo proximo. Pepe. I don't care if you're in the hood. I felt so street and edgy. I'll be back. And thank you for commenting on my Hello Kitty debit card Jose! You rawk mi carnes y quesos!
Ok...I wish you could do a 3.5 because that's what my rating would be...but since you can't...

The subs are really good (specifically the #5) and they're usually made quickly which is nice..my only complaint is that for some reason, they can't do ingredients on only half of the sandwich or just put them on the side altogether for those of us who don't like onion. This really makes no sense to me so maybe I'm missing something but it's kind of a pain in the ass. Other than that, the employees are friendly. I'll keep coming back most likely but it might be something that should be considered.
What I liked about this place was that it looks like you have landed on Mars. Just check out some of the rock formations outside. What I do not like about this place is that it is in Arizona. Enough said.
Item's tasted include.

Free Chips and Salsa Bar - options including Chipotle, Pico de Gailo, Robano Pibil, Peanut, Jicama, Pecan, Soy, etc.

Baja Sur Shark Taco - Corn Tortilla with Beer Battered Wild Dogfish and lettuce with cilantro mayo

Cabo Shrimp Taco with Beer Battered Wild Tiger Shrimp and cilantro mayo, jicama

Mayan Cochinita Pibil Taco - Roasted Pork Shoulder with Achiote Rojo slow cooked in banana leaves topped with lime marinated onions and salsa habanera mayo

Oaxacan Black Mole Chicken Taco - Spices, Chiles, Nuts, and Chocolate

Realizing that an inordinate portion of our travel west, from the Port Fonda experience at Greendirt Farm outside of Kansas City to The Shed and Salsa Brava, had focused on Mexican food I couldn't help but pass by La Condessa while my mother was in town for tacos and although I know some in Phoenix may claim the space is not "authentic" enough for them (from what I've gathered, according to some locals you need to have questionable evaluations from the Health Department to be legit) I can say without a doubt that although I've not been south of the border, these are the best tacos I've ever tasted.

Beginning first with another free chips-and-salsa-bar stocked with a baker's dozen of house-made salsas and sauces paired with slightly salted, almost greaseless, and pleasantly warm tortilla chips and moving on to the four tacos featuring local produce and fresh proteins on (unfortunately not house made) imported flour tortillas I particularly enjoyed the crunchy texture and delicate flavors of the shrimp taco while the bright acidity of the pork shoulder and smoky spice of the chicken taco both worked nicely as well.  

Perhaps not as regional as some taco stands (or trucks) and instead choosing to focus on the depth and breadth of Mexican cuisine from coast to coast I'm sure the is "better" or "more authentic" cuisine to be found both here and over the border, but thus far I've not experienced it (outside of the vastly more upscale, expensive, and certainly less authentic Distrito.)
Disappointed, Chelsea.  I did a foodie tour of Phoenix this past weekend and I had been given SO many recommendations for Chelsea's Kitchen so of course when I read about the free salted chocolate chip cookies, I threw my diet to the side and jumped on the chance to give it a try.

Unfortunately my overall experience was simply "meh".  BOOOOO!

I believe I got off on the wrong foot with our server, though I'm not sure why.  It was not busy when we arrived as it was a Monday at 5 PM.  We were seated immediately and I asked a waitress (VERY tall brunette with a bun and a bit of a snarky smile) if there were any drink specials.  She said there were not so I ordered off the regular drink menu, an overpriced oversweetened cucumber concoction that was DISGUSTING.  Someone else brought the drinks while yet ANOTHER waitress (shorter, more petite brunette gal) actually took our food order.  

We tried all the higher recommendations on Yelp but honestly I was not impressed by anything we ate.  We decided on the short rib and ahi tuna tacos both with the Kale salad.  We also got the deviled eggs which were "OK".  I don't know if I am supposed to be impressed with normal eggs boiled and baconed up.

Anyway, the short ribs were good but needed more flavor and my ahi tuna was beyond bland. I was supremely disappointed that everything just didn't hit the mark.

But what really upset the whole dinner was the same girl who first offered us drinks and told us there were NO specials on beverages, offered the table RIGHT next to us the "happy hour" specials which included $5 house wine, half off beer list and well drink specials.  Endless options for the couple sitting next to us?!?!  What?!?!  I was furious.  I don't know why I got so upset but I felt completely jipped b/c I was sipping an awful drink, eating bland food AND basically being lied to.

I proceeded to inform our food waitress about this situation and honestly, I would not have been so upset had I not specifically asked her about special options for drinks.  I probably would have drank a lot more too and chosen something I wanted vs. feeling like my options were limited to the specialty drink list.

Our waitress was calm and polite, removing the drink charge but for $55 this food was not worth it and if they are going to pick and choose who they offer the specials to then I certainly wouldn't recommend it to anyone.

The place was packed though so it certainly is popular.  I have been wrong before so make your own call about going.  

And the cookies - they were pretty good but nothing I would go out of my way again to eat.
Food and service was pretty good. The margaritas were a very good deal, but on the weak side. I will go there again!
My boyfriend and I looked up this place on yelp and decided to try it out.  When we arrived, we walked inside and the line was to the door.  Instead of waiting, we went to the take-out window outside, which we thought was very convienent.  They were very fast and friendly.  The ribs were tender and very good.  The pulled pork and hot sausage had great flavor!  Their bbq sauce is sweet with a bit of tang.  The mac and cheese was EXCELLENT!  The only thing that I was not pleased with was the cornbread.  I feel that they could make it much better.  We will definately be going back to eat bbq.  Overall experience was very good.
Yeah, this place is delicious - I orderd the Bahama Mama (marinated chicken with grilled pineapples and other good stuff). The chicken was moist and very flavorful. It was oozing with some special sauce that was Mmm Mmm Mmm. I didn't try the other items, but the people I was with ordered the potato pancakes, cameralized bananas (waffles and french toast) and a burger, and those items all looked delicious, too. They also raved about how tasty everything was. 

The place was clean and the staff was friendly. :) I'd definitely make a 40 min drive just to eat here again. I want to try their breakfast foods!
Am I tight w/my money? Yes. Yes, I am at times. Where do I go to stretch my money the most? Dollar Tree.

Why? Because everything is $1.00. But, you do have to be smart too. I've seen name brand hand soap in there for $1, but have seen this same brand at WalMart for 87 cents. So, I do believe that there is some trickery going on here.

I can buy 24-count Tylenol PM (well, generic Canadian stuff) here as well as Christmas wrapping paper, bows, nametags, etc. All for one dollar, folks. I would have probably paid double if not triple at Target or Walmart for this sort of stuff.

Some of their shelf-stable food scares me a little. I see lots of dented/bent stuff made in China that has labels in . Just be careful as you may end up w/a case of botulism.
I don't know much about authentic Thai food but this place hits the spot. I have always hated thai food while growing up, I actually never really liked spicy food. However, my friend took me here once and I ordered the Beef Ma Sa Man Curry in medium and it was delicious. It had chunks of potatoe and beef with chopped up onions. I love how they added peanuts and abundant amount of rice in a rice holder bowl. i have recently tried the Pad Thai and I love it! It is cooked perfectly, I know this because the noodles were still intact. The only downside was their small thai tea and their price. When ordering Thai Tea ask for it in a togo cup which is a lot more than they give you in a glass.
We pass this place all the time and wanted to try them since they do OK on the Maricopa Restaurant Inspections.

This place was very noisy with lots of foreign loud chatter.

The chairs are very uncomfortable but the food we had was good and did differ from the other Vietnamese we tried.

The chicken cabbage salad was extremely delicate and seemed to fresh thinly sliced to order. The chicken was moist white meat chicken that seemed like it was poached with lemongrass. Fresh mint and cilantro laced the salad and the dressing tasted refreshing with a citrus taste. The crushed peanuts really balanced the salad out. This was a very nice very light very fresh delicate salad.

My husband went with one of the Pho's. It was suppose to be one of the three meat pho's but it was missing the sausage and nobody informed us that it would be missing sausage. Anyway the only reason I can still give four stars is because my salad was very good and my husband said this pho here  even with it missing the sausage was much better than the other places we had pho at. He thought this place did put less meat in their pho than some other places but the taste of the broth was far more flavorful, layered and spicy. He really liked it. 

Viet Kitchen is located in a shopping center with a Costco.
Where did all the customer service go?  Where did all the good products go?  Is nobody donating anymore?  Unimpressive furniture which was overpriced,  Displays were no more than placing a shirt over a bust form.  Paper clipped signs on a Chanel purse in the case.

 I was in the store for over thirty minutes and did not see ONE person greeted or helped.  WOW!  This place has gone down hill.

Loved the plastic bins outside with signs such as: Crafts n Such.  

Are there any volunteers here?  I saw three paid staff chatting the entire time I was in the store.
product is superior to all the other yogurt places. they offer delicious flavors like oatmeal cookie and salted caramel...the consistency is perfect...always firm.  The only downside is that you have to request (flag someone over) samples  which is annoying and embarrasssing. They really need to increase service level and be more aware of what going on in the store. The employee are always nice...just a little clueless as to how to really take of people. We go back because they do have the best frozen yogurt
Yes, there is a party in my mouth...a breakfast party!  Definitely one of the best breakfasts I ever had.  I enjoyed the arugula salad with hash browns, eggs, and bacon (all in the salad, not separate).  It might sound weird but was fantastic!

The only thing keeping this place from 5 stars is the abysmal parking/drive-thru situation.  Words that best describe the situation I cannot use on Yelp....so I'll just say I had to make a 500 point turn to get out of the lot, and those in the drive-thru line were none too helpful in letting me depart.  I will definitely keep this in mind on my next trip--or buy a smart car.

Patio is dog-friendly, food is fresh and fantastic.  Just don't park in the back--and enjoy D'lish!
Very inexpensive and the Tacos are SO good I crave them every time I drive down 7th Ave. 

The service is excellent and the keep your chips & salsa full.  Not a big fan of Margaritas myself be everyone seems to like them.  They are pretty cheap too. I think $1.25? 

If you are in the area and are looking for a good Mexican meal, give it a try.
I heard about this place many a times and today Tanya took me to try it out. I was happy with the thought of being Green or VERDE for lunch, little did i know how green it would be. After reading some of the reviews I had to see it for myself, and i'm glad i did. Seems there is a bigger picture behind the place. The picture is a Greener world! They utilized paper plates, plastic spoons and the like because it is better on our environment. At the moment they are waiting on a back order of forks and spoons made out of corn, much easier on the environment the owners says, and so did my green expert friend Tanya. 

A quick scan of the menu and i was a little disappointed at the lack of single tacos but quickly settled on the Verde Salad with chicken. Tanya had the pulled pork served with beans and rice. Of course i also had the chips and salsa (which was a green tomatillo and a red salsa served in two tiny dishes) the chips were quite tasty and so were the salsas. However the salsas were quite mild so the need for sour cream was nil. The salad was romain lettuce, radishes (which i tossed out as i ate), tomato, shredded chicked (only problem here was the fat left on the meat-i cannot stand the feel of skin or fat of the chicken in my mouth so i had to pull at the chicken), fried bacon and a tasty dressing-all of it very fresh. Tanya loved her meal and didn't leave a bit left over on her plate, just as I! 

The place was decorated with all repurposed items. The table and box chairs were such a wonderful idea. The first sturdy setting i've seen in a restaurant around Phoenix in a long time. They also participate in the Art Walk with local art hanging for sale on the walls. 

This place is crisp and clean. Very affordable = all entrees are $6-8 and come with rice and beans. The chips and salsa was $2.50 and the Guacamole (i will try this next time!) was only $3.00. As i  mentioned there aren't any tacos served a la carte, but you can get a side of rice or beans! I'll definitely be back for the Guac!
Writing an update on this review. I didn't have the best experience but because the manager came online on yelp and apologized personally I am changing my review for updated customer service, I appreciate the effort.
I sure hope my trainer Bill Crawford at Basic Training doesn't follow my reviews!  I know I shouldn't be eating Bundt  Cakes but I don't care!  These cakes are so moist and scrumptious there is nothing like them!  I recently had the blueberry one and it was really tasty.  My favorite is red velvet it is rich and has cream cheesy icing on top. Seriously, if you need to impress, thank or present someone with the best cake ever...this is the place!   I wish I had a wedge now!
Believe the hype! This is a great little hole in the wall spot for some authentic Mexican (and American ) food.  Since this place is across the street from Chandler High expect to see High School students lounging around the site. I had the bean and cheese burrito with the famous "red sauce" and a beef taco. Typically, I would not eat a bean and cheese burrito because I am a diehard carnivore, but this little log had some soul! The burrito was a little on the messy side but what decent burrito isn't. I really liked that the burrito was toasted- it raises the flavor to the next level. The taco was very neat. Shell crunchy, meat moist with lettuce and cheese and of course I added the red sauce! I can't wait to go back and try other items. Too bad this place does not have a drive through.
Pretty great experience all things considered. I had a kitten thrown over my backyard fence and was able to get him the next day. He's a bit crazy, being that he was raised by wolfs, but the vet was awesome with him! Clipped his nails and everything while we waited for test results to come back. I definitely would recommend this vet. Prices are right in line with most vets. When costs may be a bit more its worth the extra $$ for the great service you receive.
The place is a fun, little hole-in-the-wall with a great beer garden for outdoor dining.  The fries are delicious and with all the different dipping sauces we had to have two orders!!  Everyone had a different brat so we could share and it was hard to tell which was better.  I definitely like the lamb, best.  If it's not really crowded you can bring your dogs as long as they're quiet and well-behaved.  Not cheap, but definitely good and fun.
We took about 10 people to 4 peaks the week before Christmas for lunch.  It was really busy, but they got us right in.  The service was top notch and so was the food.  We will be back for sure!  Can't wait to try brunch.
Agreeing with Greg M, they have a few nice restaurants but they need more shops to open to bring this place alive.  I will need to check out the Farmer's market here.  It is sad to see a great idea and concept sit empty.
Ate there for the first time today. After fist walking in, I was very pleased with how friendly the staff was. My boyfriend and I were unsure what to order, so a suggestion was given. The man who was working even offered my boyfriend a sample of coleslaw before he made his final choice. 
While we waited for our order, I took a quick look at all the soda pop they had for sale. They sell more flavors and brands than I even knew existed! 
Our food was ready promptly; we probably only waited about 3 minutes. It was DELICIOUS! The portions are huge. I ate at 4pm and I don't think I'll be hungry until tomorrow afternoon, honestly. The pricing is extreme affordable and I see myself going back in the future. 
The only flaw would be the slight "oopsies" I noticed with cleanliness. The floor by the soda fountain was so sticky that my flip-flop got stuck to it and I almost tripped. The tables needed to be wiped off a little, but these were the only issues I had with the place. Everything else was excellent!
Ah, video games. I agree with Lynn and shake my finger at those people with a console. Isn't the distance between two people far enough with texting, IMing, Facebooking, tweeting, and all the other -ings out there?

----gets off soapbox

This is a great store. Too bad we don't have any in SoCal since Wizards of the Coast died out. The diversity of games is excellent. They have, but not limited to (just in case I missed something)

1) Traditional boardgames like chess and checkers
2) Standard boardgames like Sorry, Monopoly and the game of Life
3) Puzzles of all sorts like jigsaw and metal puzzles
4) Playing cards
5) Collectible cards like Magic the Gathering
6) Specialized board games for the hardcore boardgame fan like Carcassone, Settlers of Catan, Axis and Allies, Descent and Runebound
7) Specialized card games like Munchkin and Race for the Galaxy
8) RPGs like Dungeons and Dragons

So, if staring at a screen gets old and boring, or decide that the distance between 2 people is too wide for you and you need face to face interactions with actual people, head on this way, I'm sure they'll find something you'll like.
3.5- This is one of those places that I would be happy going to once every couple of years or so. While I liked the food, it's not something that I see myself craving on a constant basis. The fry bread itself was fresh, chewy and tasted eerily similar to a traditional Chinese breakfast staple called  called "You Tiao," which is a fried bread in the shape of a stick, rather than the round shape of the Native American "fry bread" served at The Fry Bread House. 

We tried 2 varieties of the fry bread tacos as well as a sweet fry bread while we stopped here during our roadtrip to the Southwest: chorizo taco, ultimate combo taco and fry bread w/ honey. Again, no complaints about the bread really, but the fillings actually kind of took away from the tastiness of the fry bread. The chorizo was the better of the two "tacos." The meat was spicy and abundant. However, the ultimate combo taco filling was a let-down. There was hardly any beef-- there was way too much refried beans, and it just did not pair well with the fry bread. The sogginess of the filling weighed the bread down. 

The sweet fry bread was very tasty and dripping with honey. However, I was feeling really bloated by the time I got to this portion of the meal-- you see, whatever fry bread I consumed seemed to have expanded at least 3 times in my stomach...

So overall, worth a stop for the curiosity factor. But now I know if I ever wanted to eat Native American "fry bread" again, I can just buy some You Tiao from the local Asian grocery and experience pretty much the same taste again.
It's a Jack-In-The Box. 

I don't eat here very often for myself, but my dad likes it and I go through the drive-thru quite a bit to get him breakfast since he's handicapped and doesn't drive. 

What I like: 

1) It's never crowded. There's never a line. They don't make mistakes. 

2) They actually have good customer service. There's a woman who's often at the drive-thru in the mornings that's particularly pleasant, and I've been known to laugh at her jokes occasionally. 

And hey, I've been known to get a breakfast croissant occasionally (I'm only human), and although they're greasy, I can't deny they're tasty...
Ahhh!  Finally a Korean restaurant by me!  Traveling up and down searching for good Korean food can be hard and tiresome.  This one's right down the street from me.  At first I thought it was just called Korean Restaurant (that's some originality!), but didn't see the little sign "RED KIMCHI" on the side.  I'm not a big fan of Korean BBQ since I like the way I smell :) haha!  What I'm a big fan of is the Tofu Seafood soup - Mmm so warm and toasty in my tummy!  Red Kimchi is what I expect from a Korean restaurant -- good tofu soup, Hite beer, great service, and good Asian decors and design -- very clean bathroom by the way haha! - Enjoy!
Huge portions, very laid back atmosphere. The best fried rice & tofu and veggies in garlic sauce we have tasted in the valley! Owners are great - he is the chef and she takes care of the front.
Ok "Steve"...I'm a little suspicious of one star reviews when it looks as if this person has just opened an account and has little to NO history of writing reviews.....

I am a fan of Potbelly - a regular stop when in D.C. For work, was excited when one popped up downtown and am elated there is one closer to the East side!

Picked up a to go order the other day, many employees, many are likely training and all had a FABULOUS attitude! 

Got home 20 minutes later and our sandwiches were warm and the bread was not compromised by the oil we asked to be added, chewy delicious bread, quality ingredients and amazing service - typical and expected of Potbelly! 

I will be frequenting this shop and picked up a catering menu for my company's lunches....

Whenever I see "questionable" reviews - it only feeds my fire to support businesses - so keep it coming "Steve" - potbelly will succeed -primarily because you don't want it to! ;)
Consistently delicious.  I go here about twice a month and would go more often but I cannot control myself and would be as big as a house.  Nice happy hour with decent wine by the glass, but the food is the real draw.  The chopped salad is really amazing, as is the apricot barbeque turkey sandwich.  The lettuce wraps are far better than any other place I have tried.  Most evenings in Phoenix are warm enough to sit outside on the patio, which is heated in winter and cooled in summer, and the ambience inside is slick and trendy, but still comfortable.  The waitstaff has always been great, and a special thank you to Tim, who always has good recommendations and delivers them with a fun personality.  If you like sangria, I hear theirs is the best (I prefer plain old-fashioned pinot noir or grigio myself).
Ask for Michal, she was patient & very helpful. We would definitely go back.

Gonzalez - Gonzales
It pains me to write this review.  Maggiano's has been one of my favorite restaurants for years.  But ever since Guido Barilla came forward with his hateful remarks about gays/lesbians and women, I have been messaging Maggiano's on their facebook page and emailing them for a response....NOTHING!

I deserve a response you creeps!  I've been a customer of your restaurant and have choked down thousands of dollars worth of your hate-filled pasta over the past decade.  GROW A PAIR and make a public statement regarding your marriage to Barilla pasta and the despicable remarks made by their CEO last month.  

Have you guys looked at your servers?  Most of them are gay - why don't you think of them if your gay customers don't mean a darn thing to you???!?!?!?!?
There are 2 towns East of Phoenix called Globe and Superior. This area has awesome Mexican food. And a local family moved their business to Tempe. This restaurant is very casual, and a bit of a hole in the wall... it is located in a strip mall. Don't be fooled, it has delicious food! I highly suggest the goyo burro (I think that is the way it is spelled??).
Started with a beer and a few in our group had soup, and before we knew it our meals arrived! Wow, fast service and deliciously hot food...I especially loved my Kungpao Chicken which had plenty of heat from the chiles. Huge servings and so we shared our meals with one another.
Our group enjoyed talking with each other and probably would have ordered 1-5 desserts, but instead we received our bill and fortune cookies. But anyway, we sat and talked while they continued to be sure our water glasses were filled.
When visiting here, be sure to check the outdoor display of Hanghou and Suzhou which is part of the Chinese Cultural Center; provides a nice short walk to read the historical info or to sit quietly at the small pond.
In the area there is a supermarket for everything. I shop there each time I eat at one of the establishments here.
So I have only been here twice, for breakfast and ate 1 thing... so, with that in mind here is my review! I had the quiche, which I always hate and would never think to order it. But it looked good one day and I am sooo glad I had it. It is the best I have ever had. I had difficulty keeping conversation as I was too busy eating it! I don't remember if it was pricy as I was in food coma (they give you a lot) I am looking forward to maybe expanding my horizons. Their drinks are good too.. if you get that far!
If you like angry conservative radio then 550 KFYI is for you.  You can start your day with the hateful Bruce Jacobs and then be delighted with the angry little man known as Barry Young next.  And if you can stomach the big drug addicted blow hard bully known as Rush Limbaugh, then this station is for you.

I do like however, Coast to Coast am with George Norry (but it has gone really down hill since Art Bell retired), and I like the Savage Nation too.  I like JD Hayworth, he is so tired of our Sanctuary city Mayor Phil Gordon and all the spineless worthless politicians.  He may run for Senate they say:  Good bye Grampy McInsane.

550 KFYI is a great conservative station if you like conservative, I like to listen to both sides of the equation and form my own opinions.  Hence, just down the dial is Nova M radio, so you get your left and right in one small adjustment on the AM dial.

Since Obama took office, I am now more sympathetic to the plight of average tax paying (Legal) citizens.  Now I like KFYI.  And they got rid of that awful Bruce Jacobs too.
I come here at least once a week. Love this Fry's--especially now that it's all renovated! The only negative thing is that you sometimes have to wait forever at the deli.
We took 10 people with various dietary needs to Saba and everyone was taken care of well.  The owner and his wife were happy to see us and made great suggestions because we all asked.  Other reviews say the homemade pitas are out of this world and we agree.  We shared 3 appetizers and wine, then headed for a mix of sandwiches and entrees.  The only person who didn't finish was me.  (so full!). They explained everything, down to the Efe, and we found the place to be clean, fast and friendly. If I lived out here, I'd be a regular.
I haven't had a chance to attend many Yelp events this past year, so when I saw that this one was on my way home from work I decided to stop by.

What a great event! I had the opportunity to see some Yelp friends, meet some others in person for the first time, and to support a local business where I picked up a Christmas present for my kids.

I also recalled how much I liked this place when I used to come here nearly a decade ago... and I remembered what I don't like about LGO... the parking... or lack thereof.

However, I am happy to see Yelp supporting local businesses and hope that these efforts continue even when its not the holiday season.
My favorite pizza ever. 

it DOES live up to its hype! people are always complaining about the wait, the wait isn't even that long anymore. the longest I have waited since they started opening for lunch is 45 minutes. dont like it? Im sure there is a dominos near there where you can enjoy your cardboard pizza in 10 minutes. I have waited for 4 hours prior to them opening up for lunch and it was worth EVERY minute. O have had guests from Italy taste Biancos pizza and they loved it. 

The margherita and Rosa are amazing. 
The staff is great. For being as busy as they are, they are very helpful.

I highly recommend Pizzeria Biancos!

p.s. dont compare this place to Cibo, Cibo is great but its not Biancos, however, it is a great alternative choice.
I went for lunch on my day off. Been wanting to try this place for a while. It's location right next to a head shop is a little dubious, but once you go in, no worries. 

The inside is clean, nicely decorated; a few murals and TVs playing Bollywood. Indian restaurants always flaunt a fully stocked bar with top end whiskeys and scotch. Does anyone ever drink there? The staff was extremely polite. I was seated and went to the buffet.

All of the standard dishes were there. The food was fresh. The rice cooker with basmati in it had a cinnamon stick mixed in, I thought that was cool. Tikka masala, lamb vindaloo, chicken curry , palak paneer (although it had baby corn in it instead, interesting), aloo gobi, and a few other veggie dishes. All tasted great. The dal was spicy, but in a warm way. The waiter brought garlic naan and tandoori chicken , which was excellent. 

I love the desserts. Gulab jamun, kheer , and mango custard. All delicious. There was also complimentary mango lassi, which missed. Everything was great, the servers were really on top of things without being pushy. I'll definitely make more stops here.
I took one TED flight to Portland, OR and a United flight to return.  

They make flying as painless as possible.  The staff is friendly.  They are prompt with snacks and drinks.  There is a wide selection of radio stations to listen to.  For flights 1.5 to 3 hours they screen a selection of TV shows, over 3 hours and you get a movie.  What makes time go faster than watching a classic episode of the Simpsons or clips from SNL?

If I get a choice of what to fly, I'll go with United anytime.
I was excited to try this restaurant after nearly a year since trying it last.  But I think my expectations exceeded the results.  I tried the Taos Pork Tenderloin and was disappointed because the pork was cut into medallions, which I believe is the reason they were dry.  Frankly, I was happier with the side items: my mixed vegetables were good and cooked to perfection and the Jalapeno potatoes are awesome but apportioned too small.

My dinner companion had the Carlsbad Ribeye with which he was very happy.  I guess it was me who thought that the meal should be more balanced than this huge piece of meat (20 ounces) served with a tortilla smaller than my hand.

I remember the first time I visited, thinking that the waterfalls were an unusual touch, but the more I sat there, the more I found myself thinking of Gilligan's Island.  A little too corny for me, I guess.

Our service was great though; both the host and the server were really friendly.
We love going to Michael's locations and this one is no exception to the rule. It's easy to get lost in these stores and walk out with crafts you never even thought you'd about doing. They also are a great spot to shop for seasonal decorations and the items usually go on sale about a week before the holiday, which is even better. I've no doubt we will be back to this store in the near future.
It's hard to find. We were parked right in front of the place and didn't see it. But once we realized we were there, we walked in and found Dick's Hideaway was literally a hole in the wall. It was small and dark, but we could tell immediately that what they lacked in size, they made up for in large, delicious plates! In fact, their dishes are so large they can be easily shared for up to two people. They had whole chickens roasting over an open fire pit. That was pretty cool. Don't expect to go dancing after, as your clothes and your hair will smell deliciously of food. 

One thing we've found helpful was to ask the server what the restaurant is best known for. The server said the Carne Avodava. This dish was in a class of its own, and I highly recommend it. We also ordered the New Mexican Platter, which gave us a generous sampling of their chile relleno, tamale, and chicken burrito. The spices they used for all three dishes were incredible! 

They serve breakfast too, but we didn't get a chance to return. When in Phoenix, Dick's Hideaway is a MUST!
This place is awesome and super clean ...I will keep coming back EVERYTHING is sooo good here AND the price won't break your wallet. So go enjoy some good Filipino food!
This hotel is priced more on the high-end level, and is in a convenient location if you are coming to town for a game, or a convention at the hotel. The rooms are spacious and clean and the beds are comfortable. 
Rooms are equipped with a decent LG 32 inch TV, and all the HD hookups you need  are easily accessible (Built into the desk) so you can attach your laptop or other HD device.
The bathrooms have plenty of space and are laid out nicely. 
If you have a room with a balcony make sure to not smoke there. As a former smoker, I have gotten dinged with the 250$ fee before. (There are no signs or information saying you can't smoke on the outdoor balcony.)

The pool and Jaccuzzi area are very nice. They have an indoor (lap pool) and outdoor pool that has the attached hot tub. The hot tub is very large and could probably fit 20+ people. There is also a bar that's next to the pool. 

The gym here is nice and has state of the art equipment. Treadmills with the TV's built in, and a nice number of weight machines. Not your usual small dark damp hotel "gym"

I have heard the spa here is very nice, but I have not been to it myself. 

Now starts the complaints about the hotel:

The walls in the hotel room I stayed at this last time (7th floor) were paper thin. I could hear the girls talking in the next room the first few nights, and the old guy hacking up a lung in the middle of the night after that. I could also hear loud cars from the street below even though I was on the 7th floor. This seems strange to me for a modern facility that is on the higher end of price scale.

I was in town for business, and during this time the Blackhawks were playing the Coyotes. Now the room get's Versus (NBC Sports network) but when the game was on, whether it was being played next door, or in Chicago, they would black out the game in the room...and make you go downstairs to the bar so you basically had to spend more money to watch it. Normally this wouldn't be a problem, but I had been working 12 hours for a convention here in the hotel, and still had work to do so I wanted to relax in my room and watch the game. I was saddened when I found out that my plans were ruined. When I called the front desk 2 times (on different days) They acted like they didn't know what I was talking about.
Great place, I like the layout - the alcohol area is at the front of the store.  Love their chicken salad from the deli.  Their cashiers are really good and friendly.
Got prime rib, turkey, and Brisket
Essence had great service and a friendly staff.  The food was average and the setting could use a major uplift. The place seemed a little old and dingy for a bakery with some potential.
I wish I had a Harkins closer to home...I live across the street from an AMC. They have great deals if you get the souvenir cup ($1 refills) and large popcorn if you wear your Harkins shirt. If you are a movie goer this is a great value. Especially since this chain is an AZ based one. 

As for this specific location, its good. Nothing spectacular, I usually only make my way here if it is to meet a friend half way or to watch something on IMAX. My only issue on this visit was while at the IMAX theater I kept hearing the employee walkie talkie going off and conversations on said walkie talkie coming from the back control room area. Get your employees ear pieces...
I loved Hollywood regency and I love Antique Sugar even more. 
I am a super fan. 
I came in on the same hunt I was on when I went to Blueberry Deluxe and Tucker helped me so much. 
Customer service is the BEST in this place. 
Between him and some awesome customers that were in that day, I had some great help finding the perfect dress. Which for me is no simple task. Short with an hourglass figure. 

Definitely going on my addicted list. I'll be coming back for more. 
Not to mention Tucker is super cool!
I've been craving a good bowl of ramen ever since I moved here from L.A./S.D. So obviously I resort to Yelp for all my answers in food goodness. 
I tried the miso ramen, sashimi, and vegi tempura. It was a pretty damn good bowl of ramen. It was a little expensive, but when I saw the HUGE bowl, I understood. Sashimi was well cut and fresh. 

Overall, this place is good, but expensive...which makes sense considering there aren't that many authentic japanese ramen places around. It helps to have a place around when the craving strikes!
Aaron!!!  What a great waiter!!

We went in today, ordered up our appetizers (two chicken quesadillias, guacamole dip), and our free cheese crisp, that was in the Suns program.  Along with a total of four 99 cent margaritas - under $19.00

Aaron was on top of everything!  More salsa, more bean dip -- no problem!  Brought us containers, for our leftovers, down to little cups w/lids, for extra salsa.  Along with a bag, to carry it all home!

Thank you Aaron -- and to the nice young man, who greeted us at the door.  All good.  We will definitely will be back, when we are up in the area...

Plus...........Aaron came running out the door, when I had stopped to look for my sunglasses; as he had picked them up while clearing the table.
I love Dick's Hideaway!   The food is amazing!   It's cooked over an open pecan wood fire.  The smells are wonderful, the staff is kind and attentive ... it is the perfect neighborhood bar.   Everything that we ate was perfect ... chicken quesadilla, cheese steak sandwich ... the fries are great.
Was at a conference recently (TPE/NASPA) and kept hearing fellow conference goers rave about this place. I heard it gets really packed and difficult to get in during the dinner time, so a friend and I ventured one early afternoon shortly after they had opened. We had no issue being seated quickly on the patio which was perfect for the lovely weather. Several of the dishes sounded tasty and the waiter was helpful in providing personal favorites depending on our mood. We split the pretzel tots with provolone fondue, amazing. Little pillows of heaven. Then I ordered the squash & pomegranate salad with added chicken, very creative and yummy. Also a large bowl, plenty filling. My friend had the pastrami on a pretzel bun which he said was also tasty, although he expected more flavor from the pretzel bun. I had heard the peanut butter dessert was amazing, and had full intention of ordering it, however alas I was too full. I wish I had tried this place earlier in my trip, I would have liked to go back for more!
My wife and I went to the Ralphie May Comedy show on 2/4/12 and we had a blast.  We only paid $6 for parking as the first two hours ( $2 ) are comped by stand up live.  We purchased tickets for the 945PM show but the show didn't start until 11PM and they didn't open the doors until about 1015PM.  

However, this was not a problem for my wife and I because the club actually called the day of the show at about noon advising us that Ralphie was performing longer at his shows causing the second show to be late.

So we just planned accordingly and had no problems.  Ralphie had an opening act that started at 11PM and by the time Ralphie was done with his routine it was 145AM !  So awesome because we only paid $29 per ticket ( Taxes / Fees included ) and had a great evening with Ralphie.

Additionally, there is not a bad seat in the house.  I mean obviously closer the better but when you are buying tickets on short notice its just nice to be able to get in but its also nice not to have a bad seat !

Now, the only reason why Stand Up Live does not get 5 stars from me is because of their two drink minimum and the fact that they don't disclose prices any where on the menus forcing you to ask many questions about prices if you care about your hard earned money.

Well, luckily for me I did not my research because of the many complaints about the above so at the show I knew what to expect and what I was going to pay.  They have small ass sodas in a plastic cup for $3 and Budweiser in a bottle was only $5. 

 We also ordered food ( Wasn't A Requirement ) and I will say their hamburgers are pretty darn delicious !  I had the bacon cheeseburger with fries and the wife had a grilled chicken with fries and they were actually priced pretty decent for a club for about $10 each.

Another complaint that this club gets is that they automatically add a 15% gratuity to your bill with no prior knowledge to you so be on the look out for that and just plan accordingly.

Our bill at the end of the night with the two drink requirement each ( wife had soda and I had Budweiser ) plus the two meals with tax and gratuity was only about $43.  I didn't give the server a tip because he already got $5.55 ( 15% ).

In closing, the couple we sat next to had a bill for $38 with taxes and gratuity and they didn't have a meal.  They had two sodas, one virgin strawberry daquirie and one martini.  When their bill came the husband said DAMN !  Exactly, they didn't ask questions.

In closing, this club is a great place to catch all the headliners that they seem to have on a regular basis.  Everybody was very nice and we will definitely be back for our next favorite headliner.

If you love stand up comedy then Stand Up Live is the place for you just don't get ripped off and ask questions about how much your drinks will because if you don't you will say DAMN too when the bill comes !
The boyfriend inexplicably received an Applebee's gift card from one his aunts that takes too many pictures and never throws anything away.  Those last details were entirely beside the point.  He never expressed any out of the ordinary interest in this famous chain, but nonetheless we were left with a 25 dollar gift card and no choice but to man the crowded booths of our local Applebee's. 

It's odd when you never go to chain restaurants how much you notice the differences between them and other places we normally eat.  We went on a Wednesday night and there were people waiting for a table.  Two million restaurants in Phoenix and these assholes are WAITING for mediocre chain food.  There were only two of us so we were seated promptly at a two top near the kitchen and instantly were mesmerized by the completely muddled,  incoherent memorabilia that lines the walls of this place.  A photo of Marilyn Monroe, next to a Route 66 sign, next to a football helmet, next to a baseball hat, next to a picture of Johnny Carson with a cigar or someshit.  Perhaps it is difficult, or rather simply unnecessary, to provide your restaurant with an easily deciphered theme.   

Not that anyone who is eating at Applebee's gives a fuck. 

Another thing I noticed about the ambiance is that this is certainly a watering hole for those afflicted with that whole "obesity epidemic" thing here in America.  And I'm not being a bitch, man, there were just a lot of fat people there.

Our server, an over weight Latino man with a raspy voice and  purposeful speed takes our drink orders right away.  We both get Long Islands which are served in an obscenely sized goblet straight out of the 18th century.  I am small and I don't work out and I hate when drinks are fucking so heavy that I have to use two hands.  I understand that it is now a trademark of these types of restaurants to make their drinks large, colorful and spectacular- but I can't help but pretentiously think as I lift the four pound concoction of watered down syrup and ice, "this is just fucking retarded."

We order a few appetizers; the spicy bone-in wings and mozzarella sticks.  The wings are dinky and under salted but not disgusting.  The mozzarella sticks were... mozzarella sticks.  You can't really go wrong or right with fried cheese but they got cold fast and the cheese hardened.  

The redeeming quality of our Applebee's outing was our likable and attentive server.  While we never really make our way to chain restaurants (as there is just so much other good shit Phoenix has to offer), it was sort of nice to have a friendly and non-hipster server.  A guy not concerned with spouting off specials and showing us the wine list and judging us if we order domestic instead of premium,  just a giant Mexican dude probably with a family of four at home trying to make some good tips.  And I guess that's always the nice, homey thing about chain places; it's all just so average and normal and sometimes that feels like comfort. 

I can't honestly say that I'll return to Applebee's anytime soon unless we come across another gift card from another relative that takes too many pictures and doesn't throw anything away, but I can say that it was an overall interesting experience to be out of our comfort zone, talking and watching the hoards of middle Americans order their steak and shrimp or chicken fried steak and shovel it in their mouth while they talk about how the fuck they're going to pay the mortgage this month.

Maybe our server can pay HIS with the giant tip we left him.
True Brew is a good as good can be! This cafe is owned by the great harmonica and vocalists Rochelle Raya formerly of Sistah Blue. They serve great hot & cold coffee drinks, sandwiches, soups, salads and pastries. 

They serve it all up with the best sunshine smiles in the valley!
True great food! Great brews! Incredible music with the best of local artists like Rochelle and Nancy Delessandra now of the DelRayz, Linda Bilque and many other greats!
Truly local independent Arizona - I have found a new place to hang!
Perfection. 

Read Maria M's review from 6/28. It is spot on.

I say this with no hesitation whatsoever: This is the best sandwich in Phoenix. No contest.

I've had a few of the items on the menu but I'm sold on The Phoenix. Spicy, but not too spicy. Savory, with whatever that aioli business is and the cheese. 

But the hero of this sandwich is the meat and the bread. The steak is the best quality around. It's tender and juicy and there's no fight to it. Your teeth just cut right through it like soft butter. The bread is obviously thought out as well. Slightly crispy on the outside, but not so crumby that you're left with a mess. And warm and soft on the inside. The bread soaks up the sauces but doesn't become soggy. An impressive feat.

Every time I've been in there I've been greeted with a smile and attentive service. 

Take the time to seek out this gem.
Decided to give Indulge Burgers another try and am sure glad I did.   Everything was phenomenal!   There were two of us in the party and we each ordered a "create your own" burger."    On the create your own menu you get a choice of protein, cheeses, toppings, sauces and buns.   The choice of proteins include beef, turkey, veggie, grilled chicken, salmon.   The cheese choices include a choice of ten high quality cheeses.  Sauces and toppings are all very fresh and tasty.   The burgers had a great flavor.  We also ordered frys and they were hot and flavorful.   To drink I treated myself to a margarita and it was one of the best I've ever had.   Will definitely be coming back here again and again.   They also have a gluten free menu.   Head to Indulge Burgers and More right away.    You'll be glad you did.
Last Thursday I met my girlfriend here for a drink and a late lunch.  We were having such a good time we ended up staying there for SIX HOURS!  It was the people working there that made it fun.  You can tell they like being there.  We sat with Lee, the owner, for a while at the bar.  He really knows what he is doing here.

I guess that is why I keep going back.
andy gervase
Stopped in to Big Earls for the first time yesterday.  First thing I noticed was the great location in Old Town Scottsdale.  It's right there off of Scottsdale Road and 1st Ave, perfect location.

Next was the decor and ambiance, I love the Butcher Paper on the tables, it adds to the allure and fun as you can write on the table and it feels like what a BBQ place should be.

We met Tony, the Pit Master there and he brought us out a sampler platter of Pork, Beef Ribs & Brisket.  The Pork was outstanding, had great flavor and was very moist & tender.  The Beef Ribs were like eating a perfectly cooked steak, they had the perfect amount of smoke and lots of flavor throughout.  The Brisket had good flavor, but was a bit dry, but I will give that to the fact that we were there at the end of the day, right as they were closing.  It was still good, just not as moist as I like my Brisket to be.  

The sauces they had complimented the meats well, I personally like the Sweet & Spicy one the best.

Love their Happy Hour menu & Pricing, certainly looking forward to stopping back in on a regular basis to enjoy all of the food they have to offer.  Stay Tuned for more reviews...
I was fixated on the Rocket "Burger" of Rocket Burger & Subs... so much so that for my first visit, I though I'd be doing an injustice if I didn't get a burger.

Truth is: what's special about Rocket Burger is 1) the bread and  2) the rocket sauce.

The burger itself... eh, just fine. 

And, yes, there's forty million sodas to choose from but if you're looking for "diet," you'll be forced to choose pepsi.

Still: four stars because the bread is awesome! I can not wait to go back and get a sandwich! Chewy, but you're not going to break your jaw or cut the roof of your mouth on it. 

And, the rocket sauce puts other "secret sauces" to shame!

Bottom line: don't forget the "subs" at Rocket Burger!
I am extremely impressed with my experiences with Platt and Westby. I can't believe the negative review I just read. They are honest, fair, reassuring, and always were willing to help me with my needs. I felt the pricing was very fair. I would definitely recommend them as they know their stuff and have support staff helping to move things along. Not only does this firm have the experience to back themselves up but they treat you with respect and care. That is rare in the legal profession these days. 

I would highly recommend.
Its as good as it gets when it comes to beer selection.  And not just a lot of beers like some places, I've been in multiple times and been really surprised by at least a few of the 31 crafts each visit, which change constantly.

Food is good as well.  Mushroom Stroganoff burger is great.  The Meat Treat pizza was good but not the best pizza.  We started with the Spud Taco's, which I really liked...a very tasty treat.

Overall, you don't need to be looking for unique beer to enjoy this as the atmosphere is nice and the food is much better than average.  But if you are looking for a beer selection like no other...and $9 flights of 6 generous pours...this is the place to be.
I wasn't sure how to feel about this place when we first walked in... the decor is pretty awful, and they must not believe in "atmosphere".  They might consider doing some kind of HGTV make-over show... it is seriously that bland.

On the other hand, the service was super sweet and friendly.  The waitress walked us through the menu (our first time there), chatted with our 4-year-old, and even brought him out a free apple juice... just to be nice :)  She even praised us for raising our son as a vegan... we didn't have the heart to tell her that he eats meat - and so do I!

I was a little weirded out when I saw the menu and EVERYTHING looked like meat.  When I'm ordering a vegetarian dish, it just seems strange to make it look like a cow.  Even though it wasn't what I had expected, it was still really delicious.  We had the spicy "shrimp", "beef" and broccoli, crispy wontons, and the "hamburger".  Everything was great, and I doubt most meat-eaters could even tell that these were vegan items.  

We're looking forward to a return visit... and perhaps take-out on April Fool's Day, to trick my carnivore father into eating something "veggie" ;)
This is the type of giddyup place my friends back East envision when I tell them I went out to eat in Arizona. With the enormous space, high ceilings, and wood chips on the floor, it had an Old West Home Depot feel. Still, the food was good and filling.

I ate there for an event attended by 50 people, and we all fit comfortably in one of the private back rooms. We had a limited menu, from which I chose the steak. It came with rolls, salad, potato, mixed vegetables, and apple cobbler dessert. That, and the soft drinks all for $16. The servings were huge, coma-inducing. Most guests took home doggy bags. Everything tasted fine. With only one server for 50 people, I can't be too mad at the less than perfect service.

BJBA is a warehouse of cowboy clichés. The walls are crammed with old-timey posters, sepia tone portraits, moose- and buffalo-heads. The staff pack six-shooters at their hips. It was over the top, but fun in a touristy way. 

All in all, it was a good experience. The event was a success, and everyone left full and happy.
Talk about fine dining at an airport! There is really great ambiance at this place and the prices were affordable.

I had the ahi salad which was good... needed a bit more flavor but it was just great with the guac side and my glass of wine :)

If you are at the Phoenix airport, this is a must :)
4.5 stars, expensive but spectacular.

Everything is really top-notch, from the facilities to the service to the villas to the hammocks.  There's a terrific outdoor mall across the way and transportation directly from the main building - very convenient.  The only drawback is really the cost of everything - particularly the pool service.
Don't ever eat here. Just don't!
Blanco is not the place to find authentic Mexican food.  The atmosphere is really unique--super trendy and quite dim inside after sundown. The margarita was ok and the food was good, but nothing to write home about. They fill you up on chips and generic salsa to compensate for the smaller portions. 

I ordered the vegetable tacos with grilled chicken and black beans. The accompanying carrots and risotto-like rice were very out of place. 

The service was impersonal and we hardly received any attention from our server--not even a single refill on water!  I'll go elsewhere next time I'm craving Mexican fare.
Great food, lovely service, beautiful inside.  We sat outside on the patio, right on Central, and it was perfect on an October night in AZ.
This place really is quite special. It's a natural tourist trap, so expect to see plenty of pasty, obnoxious Canadians and so forth, but from what I hear it is a sort of local landmark. 

I went for my birthday this year at the recommendation of a few work friends, and I had an incredible time. The pizza gets alot of flack, apparently, but I enjoyed it just fine. It's not likely to be mistaken for gourmet brick-oven pizza that snobs in Sedona eat, but it's still rather good from what I remember.

The organ was incredible. Gigantic. Played by a really good musician. The song selection is pretty universal, showtunes and the like, but just seeing the thing in action is remarkable. I highly recommend it. Now stop bashing the pizza!
Excellent breakfast buffet. Wait staff was very attentive. Waiter was waiting with the omelette chef with chiriso sausage for a made to order omelet.

Lunch, wait staff is the star again. Made us all feel special. The sandwiches were nothing special but fine ingredients and presentation.

The hotel itself is a diamond in the rough, Marriott has done it right.
We'll be back!
Sandwiches were horrible and the coffee was weak. Probably why this place closed.
We came here for happy hour. I took a bunch of pictures. The one thing I did NOT get a picture of, is the bacon burger. This is devastating, because this is one of the BEST THINGS I'VE EVER EATEN. They have the audacity to grind the beef WITH the bacon, so it's all inside. You can't imagine the flavor, the juiciness, the all-out delicious warfare happening in your mouth. Just go for happy hour, get the burger and fries, and thank me later.

The curry cauliflower was just divine. Of course, I'm a little partial to everything yellow curry, but this was my favorite side dish of the night. I really enjoyed the fried ribs, but you need to prepare yourself to get your face involved. They're hard to eat, but tasty. It's a minor complaint for me. 

Oooh, the pommes frites (french fries) were soooo good. Dipping sauces: check!

A word of caution: all of those items add up fast. So, if you order like a rock star, be prepared when the bill comes.
I'd have to say that Malee's On Main is my #1 all-time favorite for restaurants in the entire state of Arizona. 

Why? The ambiance. The consistently (over 10+ years) superb service. The to-die-for food. And of course the memories, since I've celebrated a few of my life's key events here (namely both my college and law school graduations). 

Oddly enough the decor is closer to that of an up-scale gourmet American place than what's actually on the menu: Thai food. But the combination works. The tom kha gai soup is the best I've had anywhere in the US. The beer and wine selections are excellent. 

Simply put this is a restaurant where it's obvious that the owner works very hard to make sure your entire experience as a customer will be first-class. 

There is a second Malee's in north Scottsdale that I've never been to.
This is the worst Pizza Hut I have ever been to. I was up-charged for something I didn't order. When I asked for it to be corrected it was done wrong again, given the wrong change and had the drive thru door slammed in my face. Asked to speak to the manager and he was extremely hostile. He took my change, receipt and food. After some time I asked for a refund and was told that wasn't possible, too much paperwork. Asked for his supervisors number and was told he was the highest manager, there was no one above him. Right. 

I went to the next Pizza Hut and asked for the regional manager number. I left the food at the restaurant because I was no comfortable eating it after he took it back to correct their mistake. Not sure what could have been done to it.

The young girl at the window did get it wrong twice, but the example the store manager gives is piss poor and is the issue. I hope Pizza Hut sees who they have working for them and speaking on their behalf because according to this store manager, Tim, he's the owner and CEO of the company. I highly doubt that.
I grew up going to Caramba for a quick lunch and basically all of my high school functions were catered by them. 

The nachos with chicken are amazing!  Totally loaded up, hard to find chip that is not covered in gooey goodness.

The catering is also very reasonable and great tasting. I grabbed some beans and rice to go along with our homemade enchiladas last night for an event and they did not disappoint.
Just wish they would branch out of the NW valley a bit and add a spot in downtown phx!
This review is long overdue. I have been to Christopher's a handful of times and each time there has been something that has made me question the snotty behavior of our servers. Just because my friends and I are on the younger side of the Christopher's crowd (read: under 50) and frequent the place for happy hour, does not mean we are trash or deserve to be treated as such. The following is a sampling of true stories that I have encountered. 

Scenario 1: 2 of our party of 4 waited at the kitchen bar for 10 minutes after being seated without being acknowledged. No "I'll be right with you" or any greeting at all. The waiter saunters over and asks if they would like something to drink. How are they supposed to know what they want to drink? They had to ask him for a wine menu and for that matter a dinner menu as well. 10 minutes of sitting, wondering who their server is, wondering when they would get a menu.... too much wondering. 

Scenario 2: The kitchen bar was full during happy hour so they reluctantly obliged to letting us sit at a high top right by the kitchen bar for happy hour since happy hour is only supposed to be at the kitchen bar and the Crush lounge area. We order our first round of wines and the waiter knocks over a glass of red wine all over one of the girls in our group. LUCKILY she was wearing a dark top anyways but the waiter didn't even apologize. I quote, "Obviously I didn't mean for that to happen". That was it. He didn't even help clean it up, he had the busser come over to help her pat down. I understand accidents happen, but apologize for it. Just don't be rude about it. If he would have apologized we would all have a better perception of the place but even beyond that incident, he was short and rude with us the entire time we were there. 

Scenario 3: This scenario is hard to explain via Yelp review, so please forgive me if it seems blunt/rude/etc. I will be using terms like Asian and White a lot but none of it is meant to be offensive. My friend and I, and another table of Asians, were the only non-white tables at the restaurant. I'm not one to judge based on race, but it just so happened to be something I noticed. I overheard a white table ask the server how the ahi tuna was. The server then told the man asking 'Oh that Chinese guy over there ate it and finished his plate'. .... Ummmm what is that supposed to mean? I don't understand the significance of an Asian guy eating the tuna and how that is supposed to make it sound good or make it sound desirable for the other patron of the restaurant. He could have just said 'that guy over there' if he was trying to say other people have ordered it and enjoyed it. His ethnicity had nothing to do with it. 

So why do I keep going back you might wonder? Well. Their happy hour is amazing. The food and drink specials mean that we go there expecting rude service, we typically get rude service, but we are able to have a nice dinner, a couple glasses of wine, all for about $20 a person. I will probably go back. I love the wines, the fries, the pizzas, the cheeseburger, and the filet of salmon salad (basically the whole hh menu). Depending on the service the next time I'm there, I plan on telling Christopher myself. He is usually there but I'm not sure how he would react.
Awesome sushi! Good service and they had delicious options for people who really were not into sushi. I had the the crunchy spicy tuna roll, which was great. This was a good change up from burgers and beer before catching a game on a Saturday.  
However, a friend of mine went the week after me during the week and found it to be nothing special.
Can't go wrong with their large $2 cheese slice. It was heavenly
I was in Scottsdale on business and this was a great find for happy hour. The pork in a kettle is awesome, a must try along with the crabcake.
Nice people sitting at the bar.....
The place is in the corner of an office building and easy to pass by.
What took me so long to give it 5 stars?? Aiello's is now my go-to place for dates and visiting family. They're always wowed!
This is a neat little place that looked pretty full on a Friday night because most of the patrons were jammed up top the bar area. Otherwise, it was only about 1/4 full. I was wondering why there wasn't a couple of guitar players or something on the small stage but then I realized I would have not been able to hear people talk. Friendly, unpretentious patrons all around us! 

I think if I lived downtown, I would come to this place regularly. My guess is that it has a pretty good happy hour crown during the week.
I had a complete opposite experience with the Vet Neurology Center.  After keeping us waiting for over 8 hours for X-rays and an MRI (a process that should have taken 2-3 hours at most), and charging us exhorbitant amounts of money, they did nothing to help our dog.  I supposed there was really nothing they could do.  But forcing her to spend her final hours in their depressing building was unnecessary, I believe.

And they could have at least faked a bit of compassion.  We sat for hours in their sterile waiting room, worried and wondering.  The receptionists acted like we were just a bother to them.  The doctor promised he would call and follow-up.  We are still waiting for that call.

It was an awful experience.  If you can avoid the Vet Neurological center, you should, IMO.  You may have no choice if your regular vet suggests an MRI.  But be prepared to be treated without compassion.  And bring your life savings.  You may need that -- and more.

Good luck.  I hope your experience is better than ours was.
I've been to Blue 32 three times now (twice at this location) and I've been impressed every time. Blue 32 is not your typical sports bar. It's clean, open, and really nice. They also have a large food menu and everything is made fresh. The service is also great and really accommodating. 

Their Philly Cheesesteak was delicious. I got mine with cheese whiz. Only thing is I wish that it didn't have chopped up peppers in it. I thought they would be whole peppers that I could just take out. Noted for next time. The sweet potato fries were also really good. Thee steak in their Steak Cesar is also amazing. Perfectly seasoned and cooked. It comes with a really large piece of garlic bread. I wish that there was shredded parm on it though.

Definitely check this place out if you're looking for good "bar food" or if you want to catch a game.
I like this Charbucks a lot. I just wish they served non starbucks coffee :)

It's right on a busy corner, but there are steel bollards to prevent drunk drivers from crashing into and killing the folks sitting on the patio. 

It's right off the freeway, so I have a lot of business meetings there when I'm working at home - other people can get to it easily from nearby areas. 

It's grassy outside and there is comfortable seating. 

Inside this starbucks, it's all exposed brick and duct work. Very urban cool.

I hate that Starbucks charges for WIFI. I never use it - it's not worth it. I get Internet over my phone, anyway.

There aren't a lot of coffee options right in this area, so this is pretty much it for me when I need a cuppa joe.
Had to post another review because this time we took the in-laws - My Mother-in-law made the comment that we MUST come back to this place so she can try more.  If that is not a raving review ... I don't know what is??  Hamburger, Pasta, Pizza, Sandwiches ... all the sides.  EVERYTHING was great.  

Good, friendly service doing their best to make you happy - even with HUGE numbers of people - you get good, fast service and they have a system that gets you in & sitting painlessly.  Go. Enjoy. Repeat.
Excellent service and food.  It was my first time eating Shashimi.  They served the tuna in the shape of a rose.  The friend I was with is an experienced sushi eater.  He thought it was very good.  Happy hour prices were good.  Half price rolls.
Been back a few more times now and have really been happy with the service and the food.  I recommend looking at the specials board.  Last time we got the stuffed Orange (rice wrapped in Salmon topped with spicy tuna).  Came with 2 huge pieces and was wonderful.  Also tried their other special roll, forget what it was called byt basically shrimp tempura with battered snapper with avocado, asparagus
I am not an expert on Dim Sum.  I simply know what I like.

The carts were constantly being refreshed and there was some additional staff tempting us with specials.  We stopped in before lunch on a Sunday.  As soon as we set down the carts were at our table.

I really liked the BBQ pork buns.  Some of the best that I have ever had.  The vegetables were also great.  The tea was good. Everything we had was good.
The food was delicious and fresh, the sangria tasty and the wait staff were friendly without being overbearing. Additionally, the music they were playing caught my ear ... an awesome mix of indie pop rock. They definitely impressed our staff of entertainment bookers and event producers. Thanks for the great lunch, Arcadia Farms!
Defalco's is good, delicious, Italian fun. I've been on their meatball subs, with everything homemade and loaded with cheese, for some time now. They've got my order just a bit off once or twice (bringing out an entire, large caprese instead of the small side salad) but everything is so delicious and fresh and the place is so fun, you won't care. Plus, caprese!

It's also a great source for hard-to-find Italian ingredients, like ladyfingers for my friend Lorenzo's famous tiramisu. They had just the right kind and for a decent price. Add delicious cannolis, fast service, and a huge menu, and you've got a recipe for awesome.
This is a cool little place to try. I think the best thing on the menu are the quesadillas. They are traditional Mexico City style which are not in the flour tortilla as most places serve but are maid out flour ( I think they are from Mexico City because we were brought up eating them this way). They are deep fried which is worth trying just because of how deliciously amazing they are! There salsa bar is unique with lots of choices, but I do wish they had at least one spicy one. I think their service can improve, ( maybe our server was just having a bad day). But overall good place.
Visited this based on the Yelp recommendations.  It did not disappoint!  Looks a little grotty from the outside, and seems typically tacky on the inside.  Good thing the food is crazy delicious.  Almost makes me wish I still lived in Mesa, just so I could visit weekly.  Instead I will have to plot my next visit and merely dream of taquitos.
Here we are again over a year later, a friend insisted on coming here. I tried to tell her but she wouldn't listen. I told her I am not going to the Vig again, she said she was buying and she had her heart set on going. I figured it has been a long time and maybe I got them on an off night. So we went.

Then it was down hill from there. 15 minutes for our ditsy size 0 server to arrive. She was more concerned with texting and flirting with another table of three guys, to be concerned with us. This is the 2nd time I have gotten an idiot server here and I have only been here twice. I will revisit the server after I speak on the food. 

The food took forever & they were not very busy, 27 minutes! For a Tandoori Shrimp salad , that they forgot to put shrimp on & the Frenchy well I think this sandwich would definitely offend the French. There was very little meat and it was way over cooked. Then it was another 10 minutes for my friend to get her shrimp! 

Back to the server..... Wouldn't you notice when bringing the food to the table that a Shrimp salad had no shrimp?! I mean she took the order, she entered the order and she delivered the order. When we told her um excuse me isn't this salad supposed to have grilled shrimp? She replied " oh yea, it's not under the lettuce?" then she left and came back after 10 minutes with the shrimp. No apology nothing!

Vig quit thinking you are the only game in town, I will not be back even if someone else pays!

The only good thing here in my opinion is the building. Step up your service and your food quality and you would be great!
I probably come to this theatre the most out of all the theatres since this is where the monthly sometimes biweekly movies from the Independent Film of Phoenix films are shown.  I've come to really enjoy coming here after I figured out that to miss out on all the hassles of trying to park, go to the side parking lot then cut through the "alley" and you are right in front of the theatre hassle free!  
Why am I sharing this secret with you, you might ask?  Well, guess cause I'm a Yelper and hey if I can help someone else out by making their lives easier, I'm willing to share my tips.
The theatre is a Harkins which means it's big and clean.  And lots of movie choices.
I love how friendly the staff is here.  Usu. they just wave me right in when I tell them I am there for an IFP screening.
This theatre is also where the Phoenix Film Festival is held each year.  What a cool theatre to be willing to host such a great event ran in majority by volunteers.
Easy to get to, right off of the 101, on Scottsdale road.
It had been ages since I'd been to Chen Wok (as I had previously called it bc I had no clue all these years that there was an "&")  and it was like I stepped into a time warp.  Nothing about the place had changed, and not in an "eew this place needs a remodel" kind of way, but in a "wow, this brings back some great memories" kind of way.  As the neighborhood staple for Chinese food, this place was getting busy, but my food still came out piping hot and delicious.  In fact it even made it all the way across town and was still hot & yummy.  

Gotta love the Moo Shu Pork, although I really wish they gave you more than 3 crepes.  And the House Chicken is super yummy.  Their prices are super reasonable and they even have coupons on their web page.  With this I got a pint of Moo, Pint of House, (which came with a pint of white rice), and 8 crab puffs all for $11.89.

Dear Chen (&) Wok,  I'm sorry it took me so long to get back to you, I won't let it happen again!
I stopped by Hard Goods this past weekend after getting some ice cream at Churn. As I walked in I tried to figure out what it was. Is it a store? Is it a gallery?
Whatever it was, it's beautiful! Amazing artwork and sculptural home decor line the walls, vintage and modern furniture in the back and accessories in a display case in the center.
I was greeted by Lucas and expressed my interest and curiosity of what I was walking into. As he spoke, I took everything in and his words made sense. It's a store which carries unique and eclectic works by mostly local artists. He explained that the owner of the store is a master concrete craftsman and created the store as means of both an artistic outlet and as a way to support and promote other local artists and designers. I never knew that there were so many talented artists and craftsmen in Phoenix! 
While the store has a rather masculine vibe to it, there really is something for everyone (well, except the beard conditioner, that's definitely for men!). There are wooden sunglasses and bowties (yes, us women can wear them too!), leather iPhone sleeve and aluminum iPhone cases, soap, air plants, cast concrete succulents and even concrete feet. Then there's the creme de la creme; an original Herman Miller Eames chair. I've wanted one for so long. If only I had an extra $3000 laying around...
I'm so excited to see a new store like Hard Goods in this neighborhood and I can't wait to go back and see what new things are in store for me!
Their Pa-nang is amazing!!! A must try! While I don't know if Pa-nang is a common or traditional curry, it's the first kind I have ever tried. Shocking I know since I love Thai food. I definitely need to branch out and try a red or yellow or any other color. However, I order their Pa-nang lunch special at least 2/month. Their spicy scale is 1-5. I've been ordering a 4 and for me, it's nothing to cry over but it's a great combination of creamy coconut and spice. I always ask to add their "mixed vegetables" and there's always a generous amount. For a lunch meal under $10 it's more then enough for me. Their staff are always very nice & service has always been pretty fast.
Complete hole in the wall on one of the busiest streets in Phoenix, but if you find it, you'll definitely be rewarded. 

Iced coffee - perhaps the best coffee I've ever had. This includes condensed milk and slow drip coffee that you have to patiently watch drip into the milk. Once completed, stir and add ice!

Spring rolls - one per serving, but they're huge and include chicken and shrimp. 

Ginger chicken - somewhat small proportion, but well priced with plenty of flavor. 

Ambiance is quaint and clean with Cambodian music playing in the background. Service was great with friendly faces. Can't go wrong with this one.
I stumbled across this little shop in Old Town several months ago, and it has now become my favorite stop for gelato.  If you've never had gelato, it's Italian ice cream, with less air whipped into it and less cream than American ice cream.  The less cream part makes for a lower fat product (yeah!!), but you would never know it.  It is actually more dense and creamy than ice cream.  Where too soft ice cream seems to just drip and melt in a puddle, gelato gets a little gooey almost.  

The shop is nothing fancy, but has superior gelato.   While there are some of the typical flavors you find in ice cream, there are many more interesting flavors like spumoni, tiramisu, green tea, limoncello and poppyseed, fresh ginger, and creme brulee to name only a few!  The shop also has a great selection of sorbetto (sorbet).  Try the blackberry cabernet for something unique. 

There is also a sandwich menu and Italian coffee served, although I've never had reason to buy a sandwich.  I'm there for the gelato baby!  This shop is on the edge of the shopping in Old Town so parking is usually not a problem either.  If you've never had gelato, try it at least once.  I'm pretty sure you'll be back.
Jamba Juice is like being on a 3rd date.  You're excited, it makes you feel good, and you're not afraid to engulf the whole meal down in fear of embarrassing yourself.  And if all goes well, they give you a free boost of energy or protein.  Interpret that last one however you want...

The point is Jamba Juice -- or JJ as I like to call it -- never disappoints.  Their smoothies have flavor, bounties of healthy stuff, and it would be rare if you felt bad after slurping one down.  I don't think I have to say "go get a JJ, check it out for yourself" because most people on this planet -- unless you're Amish or...from another planet -- have had one or something similar at a wannabe JJ.  The price to pay for health nowadays is a bit steep, but just think about how much an Arby's combo is and not only do you save a few cents on the JJ, but your ass and thighs don't eventually look like an elephant's.

I only have one complaint: what's with the styrofoam cups? You want me to eat healthy but then fill the landfill with more useless garbage? Boo raspberries...

Besides that though, thanks JJ.  For your mega mango, your pomengranate paradise, and everything else you put in my cup...
I hate this theater. It really just sucks.
Thank you fellow Yelpers for not failing me. 

I just moved into a house and wanted to get all the locks changed. I called a locksmith that my realtor suggested and that guy couldn't even make an appointment. As he put it "Wednesday is too early to make an appointment for Friday. Call me Friday and I'll let you know if I can come out."
Eff that! So I jump on Yelp search for locksmith and find the great reviews for Jeff.

My husband called Jeff on Thursday and he gladly made an appointment for 8am on Friday. 

Jeff showed up on time and gave me my options and he got straight to work. 

He is a friendly guy and only charged $105 to change out four locks. 

I found his professionalism, friendliness and prices to be awesome! If I ever need a locksmith again I would call Jeff.
I am no expert on Thai food but the food at the Thai Elephant is fantastic. I have been to this establishment so many times and have always been pleased. Good service, great pad thai, great drinks, quiet atmosphere; all-around winning combination. Keep up the great work Thai Elephant!


Keep singing,

-Jerron
I'm going to have to say no.  The waitress was great, too bad the food wasn't.  I ordered the lobster, shrimp and crab legs, potato and rice.  I was hungry :-)  The restaurant was about 3/4 full and it only took a few minutes to get food.  When it did come it was cold, yuck and everything was drenched in butter and salt.  My tongue still hurts due to the volume of salt.  The lobster tail was as rubbery as a burned steak. I probably shouldn't have eaten it.  I remember Red Lobster used to be good for sea food.  This is no longer the case.
This place is yumm-o!  Totally vegan with very tasty meat alternatives.  I see that a few people said that it's "greasy" and "fattening."  Well, it depends on what you order, first of all.  Also, vegans never said that they don't have fattening foods sometimes.  This restaurant would be considered a TREAT (kinda like when non-vegans go to Red Robin or a steakhouse as a treat).  The food is priced right, tastes great, and it's a cool way to get your friends to try vegan stuff the non-scary way :).   Try the crab puffs, no harm chicken parm, mushroom with mock chx and veggie bowl, and the oatmeal cream pies...those are all my favs!
come here for two things: fish tacos and sake bombers. and then, only during happy hour.
A single sampling of the Almond Concha proved to be light and airy on the interior with eggy notes and a bit of butter beneath a crackling sugar topping.  Definitely something different and definitely delicious despite not tasting much like almond I have to say this item gave me hope for Mexican pastry in general - definitely a place to consider the next time I head down Indian School Road.
A client had a last-minute opportunity to participate in a major trade show but the venue did not allow for hanging signage or a booth.  With one week to go, we needed a high-quality table throw printed with the company's logo and URL.

After putting a call out on Twitter, Blair and his team responded that they could make it happen.  They gave us a great price and guaranteed the throw would be done in time.  We sent a logo file, they had a proof back to us within two hours, and within a week the throw had been produced, shipped and had arrived at my client's hotel the day before the show.

I can't say how wonderful Splinter was to work with.  They were responsive, flexible and professional.  I'll use them again in a New York minute.
It is an upscale Mexican food concept with some unique culinary twists on familiar dishes. But, don't expect Los Sombrero's or Elote. It's definetly more tex mex. The Fajita's had to be the best I've had, but what's this? A creamy buttery sauce on the chicken. My wife's Carnita's were also unique and flavorful. But, again VERY rich. we asked our server about these unique findings... after they've roasted the pork they then flash fry it before serving. I say all of this as the flavor is already so good in the Chicken Fajita's and likewise, Carnita's that we would absolutly modifiy our next visit to save a few thousand calories! Yikes! In short, great food quality, servce and food. But, calorie concious beware. Ninfa's spares no expense in calories to give a very rich tex mex experience.  We'd come back, but we'll be the pain in the rear table with some modifications.
Love love love this place. It's a very healthy place to eat and always has awesome food and awesome service!
This is a wonderful little gem in Mesa. Everyone is friendly and attentive and the food is great. We usually go for dinner, but tried their lunch and it was good too.
One of the worst Chinese Buffets I have ever been to. Everything looked like it had been sitting for hours upon hours.

I never judge on looks alone, so I tried some of the food but it was disgusting. Even their deserts tasted like shit.

Not only will I never eat here again, but I would suggest you stay away also.

I just hope that my stomach doesn't pay for this later on tonight
The Miko Miko and supreme are good.  ok overall. :-/ Did not like there chipotle sauce.  Not spicy at all, and it tasted watered down.
Not the only Fry's in this neighborhood, but definitely the better of the two. This location is a large Fry's (but not a Marketplace store), and it's starting to show its age. It's still clean, however, and despite the feeling it always gives me of being too full of products (mountains of them), it's not cluttered.

This location has a decent produce section, a deli and separate bakery, liquor aisles, a floral section, a bunch of freezer cases, and a full service pharmacy. Service at this location is good, and there always seem to be employees around if you need assistance.

The rest of the mall area is dying, with the next door Walmart having closed its doors in 2008. That's good news for Fry's shoppers, because it's now possible to get in and out of the parking lot without a near crash.
The Persian Room is excellent in all aspects.  

The food is incredibly delicious, flavorful, and authentic.  The atmosphere is a little upscale, but you'll be just fine in a collared shirt and slacks.  As someone else mentioned, they make the pita bread in-house and it is absolute perfection.  This is one of the few places I happily spend more than $10 per person!

Im a cheapskate, and I LOVE the Persian Room.

I would recommend this for a first date, an anniversary, or just a nice dinner.
I wanted a diner to remind me of the east coast Greek family owned mega-cafeterias that are reliable, completely vast in their offerings, and somehow always ready with dessert.  I found the Five and Diner.  And although it cannot actually compare to all the Diners on HWY 1, the effort is found in the food, the price, and the throw back to the fifties.
Good for that time when all you really want is breakfast food at midnight and a milkshake.  You could bring a date here...but just keep in mind that the name of the place will either let that person know you are frugal or not yet stimulated by the economic injection by our new leadership.
Great new lunch spot in Chandler.   Today was my 3rd time eating here and have enjoyed it each visit.  I have had the Brazilian Chicken Grilled Flatbread, Pesto Chicken Grilled Flatbread, and Caesar Salad with chicken.  The brazilian was the best so far but all have been good.  The also have Tazo brewed ice tea which is a plus in my book.
We recently called from the office for delivery from Flaming Kabob... and that was a flaming mistake.  The pitas were pita-ful, the 'fresh' juices a watery mess, and the fries were actually melted into their plastic container.  I have no experience of eating inside the restaurant and am unlikely to do so after this disaster.
This was not good. The scene here was scary at best. 

I got fajitas. How do you mess up fajitas? Mama did it.

My dining partner wasn't all that hungry and sort of sick. She got a grilled cheese. How do you mess up grilled cheese? Mama did it.

It's too bad, because downtown Glendale could be cute.

I *wanted* to like it.

Bad. End of story.

~~~
Update 9/13/08
I probably shouldn't admit this, but we have taken to calling it "Barfy Momma's" around our house. Yes, we are bad.
I just love the St. Francis! For starters, I'm a big fan that it is family-owned and they do garden fresh right. The cocktails are high-quality, and I especially like the Lemonade - made with vodka, pomegranate syrup, and fresh-squeezed lemonade, it's very refreshing. The wood-fired flat breads have a perfect blistered crusts and seasonal vegetables. The flat breads are high quality and my favorite item on the menu (order the market vegetable). The meatballs (Moroccan Spiced Meatballs) are delicious and so unique.  Go for happy hour and try everything, the prices are great for HH, $5  libations. The reason they don't get 5 stars is the 2nd floor is very warm.
Went on this past Wednesday evening for the first time. They have a small private lot but it was full when I got there at 4pm. There's plenty of street parking around, both paid and free, so you might have to walk a few yards.
The beer menu is a giant chalkboard on one wall. They are numbered for easy ordering and seemed a pretty varied selection. I tried the Moa Breakfast from Moa Brewing, New Zealand and a strawberry blonde from The Brewery in Pine, Arizona. Both were good and very fresh tasting. My dad tried three different IPAs and a couple samples of various beers; he liked them all. I'm do not like IPAs at all but they have plenty of hops-free selections. I was a little sad at their lack of ciders - I was hoping for find a place when at least one new cider on tap but they only had one - Woodchuck - which is good but hardly difficult to find (you can buy a 6-pack of their many varieties at most grocery stores). 
I also got the Churchill Grilled Cheese and their "home made" "Pop Tarts". The grilled cheese is mozzarella and fontina cheese, honey, house pesto, and I added bacon for an additional $1. The tarts were more akin to "toaster strudels" and were really good - the flavour of the day/week was grape. 

The only major problem (which has been mentioned in a few reviews) are the acoustics. When we first arrived, it wasn't bad because it wasn't that busy but by 6pm, it was full and I had to just about yell across our small table to be able to talk to my dad. Not really a place for conversation. 

5 beers, 2 meals, and dessert all came to $70 with a nice tip. A little pricier than I like to go for a dinner but alcohol will easily add up. Nevertheless, I would definitely come back for the selection and the food. Definitely a place to try out when looking for a small, local eatery downtown.
Ordered a beer, got carded, I asked the Manager why since I'm clearly older than 21.  Manager told me it's the law that they see my id.  When I suggested that it's not what the law says he kicked me out.  Great customer service.  

Fortunately it's TMP and there's more than one cantina.
This place has great hot dogs and a strong New York feel to it. Its the best place in Phoenix for hot dogs (yes there are better hot dog places in Tucson and throughout the US). The line can get long but its worth the wait. A must try if you live in Phoenix.
We stopped in here one night before a movie to grab a quick drink since they stay open pretty late. The interior definitely needs some updating but overall still a decent atmosphere. The bartender was very friendly and was quick to serve us. They have a pretty good menu we tried the fried ravioli appetizer and it was really good also the drinks we ordered were mixed perfectly and he definitely didn't skimp on the liquor lol. I have also been there once before for dinner and thought it was really good I had the half roasted chicken and it came out super moist. Overall Its a nice little gem in a run down plaza but worth checking out.
This Wal-Mart for the most part is like any other Wal-Mart. 24 hours of Mediocre service, wack produce selection, and a myriad of crap you don't need. This place is pretty poor about managing stock so don't be surprised if your favorite cereal isn't on the shelf today or tomorrow. So why do I continue to be a faithful patron here? Cheap convenience!
Great drive through service! 
Fast, friendly, my order is always right & I never have to sit there and say "hello?,,,, hello?,,, is this thing working?", lol  :)
Extra kudos for good customer service. 

My go to meal: Spicy chicken without mayo, side Caesar salad & fresh lemonade. Hits the spot!
I'd heard about this place from several friends and I had an event nearby, so we headed directly over afterward. The ambiance was perfect. Love it, and this was so nice. It was a cross between throw back 50s and bistro. I loved what Joe's done with it.

I didn't mind the walk up ordering, but adding the tip to the bill before I was even served didn't work for me so I didn't bother. The menu was short, and the wife said the burger rocked. I got the pizza and it was just ok. My wife and daughter got the caprese pasta salad and the serving was very small and tasteless. The woman and man who served us were both very friendly but I didn't really know who got the tip in the end (fortunately, they had a tip jar I could just drop it into).

We also used the restrooms while we were there, and that was pretty cool. I loved the photos in the bathroom and sharing a sink area with the opposite gender was very 21st century. Cool.

Nice place overall. Joe did a good job here, but i would've liked him to have served me my beer :)
Had the original flavor both condensed milk glaze with mango pudding (by recommendation of the owners), red bean, and topped off with almonds. It was awesome!  Next time I'm going to have to try taro ice, with mochi & crushed almond cookies which looked amazing.  The place is beautifully decorated with a new aged modern Asian-American feel. I'm going to be a regular there very easily
My family and I love this restaurant in general, but we particularly love this central Scottsdale location. The new decor is really comfortable and gives a lot more ambience than the old model. We ate there this weekend for lobster fest, yay, but I was the only one who ordered something with lobster. My husband and son both ordered shrimp scampi (weirdos...it's Lobster Fest). Our waiter was friendly, got our drink orders and yummy hot biscuits out to us right away. It wasn't long that the piping hot shrimp scampi orders arrived at our table. I was promised mine would be out soon. I ordered the Bar Harbor Lobster Bake. A few minutes later the manager came by and apologized for my order not coming out when the guys meals came. She was a little horrified by it, I could tell. She mentioned that she never lets food to come out in stages like this! I could tell someone was going to get a "what for" any second. She was very, very sweet and as soon as my dinner was ready she brought it over herself and again apologized. She said she was so embarrassed it happened, and I really didn't even think anything of it until she mentioned it. She comp'ed my meal and it was the most expensive dish at our table! Of course we were super pleased by such service. Mistakes happen, and her acknowledging the mistake and apologizing is all I really needed, but it takes really great customer service to go that extra mile. Our waiter also apologized and overall, we were all very pleased with our meals...super yummy...and our service..overall, great!  We will be back again and again.
Consistently good and fresh food.  Yummy chippers cookies.  Chicken salad sandwich is fantastic.    Drawbacks: don't move the line fast enough during rush and the parking in front with the horrible yellow disk that has to be validated is a nightmare...hard to navigate in a big car and always clogged up during the rush hours.  Dinging two stars for the parking catastrophe.
Great little place. All the sushi was good, but the flying fish roe was put together loose and the eggs spilled in my soy sauce :[ but they were still good. Very friendly sushi chefs.
Mediocre Mexican food at best, but the chips and salsa are above average.  As many others have stated there are not a lot of options Queen Creek or SE of Queen Creek.  

This is a suitable family restaurant when driving into Gilbert/Mesa isn't a viable option and you are craving Mexican food.
We ate lunch.  The food was very good but the portions were a little small. The wait staff was very attentive.  The atmosphere is very lovely especially on the patio.  This would be a good place for a special occasion.  The food is a little over priced for what you get.
My new favorite breakfast place!! I've only been here twice now, but I'm sold.

First off, the prices are awesome!! The first visit we tried to choose the most expensive things on the breakfast menu because we were trying to spend $20 to use a gift certificate... With coffee we still only hit $16. No problem though, we are stoked to go back!! 

The coffee was excellent, and not too strong like some diners tend to do. Heavy, wide-lipped mugs only added to my drinking pleasure. 
Hash browns were superb, and I tend to rate places based on their potatoes, so that's a win for me.

The decor is comfortable and welcoming, plus there's an antique trombone hanging on the wall... high-five for that. The bathroom is through the back, and it's a tiny half-bath style you would see in someone's house. I like that about it too, because it adds to the comfortable atmosphere. My only complaint is both times I was there, the floor was extremely wet, like some pipe is leaking but no one has bothered to figure out which one.

There are also TVs in here, which seems weird but is actually kind of nice if you are there on Sunday and feel like watching a game. Bloody Marys seem to be the drink to order for Sunday morning breakfast and brunch! For the size of the place and the items on their menu, they have a decent beer selection as well.

The other great thing about this place is they are conveniently located just off the light rail route, so it's very easy to hop off on Central and Thomas and take a nice stroll down for breakfast. (You get to pass Pink Spot too, in case you are hankering for some ice cream after your meal!) Riding the light rail is a big plus now that I've moved to the east valley, but still love coming downtown.
One of our favorite places to go after the Cosmo Dog Park. Love the San Diegan.
First time i have ever been here. I came because, i had a coupon i got a mani and pedi for only $28.00 . Can't beat that in any way. They are very clean everything is sterile. I always pay attention to this.     I got black and silver for Halloween. The lady took a little longer than usual but, she did a wonderful job and gave me a great leg massage even with hot stones.   They open at 9:30am which is fantastic! because we are all so busy.  Lots of parking in the lot. I will be back.
I checked Cien Agaves out with a coworker last night and we LOVED IT. First things first: everything tastes very fresh. The salsas and chips were great, and we tried the cucumber margarita, prickly pear margarita, and the habanero marg, and they were all good, made with the veg/fruit/pepper FRESH.

We just had nachos but they were plentiful and mighty tasty. Big fat slices of jalapenos on top and visually appealing. 

The ambience isn't uniform in places (mixing early 90's modern furniture with homestyle Mexican decor and art), but it's just subtle enough to not be incredibly annoying. The male staff were very cool and relaxed, but the females were a little bit "in the way"... eavesdropping, it seems. We were one of 2 couples in the bar, though...

Regardless, this place deserves 5 stars. It's a very delicious, very easy Mexican choice in downtown Scottsdale.
You can't come all the way to Tempe Marketplace and skip Mojo, that'd be like going to 2035 in a time machine and not flying a jet pack. You just wouldn't do it, except for maybe if you don't like to fly or are afraid of heights, you wouldn't, but, if you LOVE jetpacks, topped with, say, jet fuel and racing stripes, throw in a fancy push button throttle and electronic ignition, you definitely wouldn't skip it. I'd trade in my space suite for a ride on one of those jet packs. Now if you travel back to the future to prevent Biff from getting his hands on the sports almanac in order to prevent him from taking over the Mojo's of the world, cause where we're going, you don't need roads, and eventually end up riding a steam powered train to get home for dinner, then you know exactly what I'm talking about.

Unfortunately, what Mojo lacks in the way of Jetpacks and racing stripes, they make up for in froyo and delicious toppings. If you end up here on a Tuesday, be sure to check out their facebook page for their word of the day, say the word and get yourself half off your entire order of frozen, delicious yogurt. You could end up walking out with the tallest friggen cup of yogurt, for say, about, half the price. That's only 25% of what you would have paid if you came here on a Monday and filled up your cup with twice as much yogurt. Do the math, I promise its better than Monday's.

My favorite is always cookie monster, but during the holiday season its usually replaced with apple pie, eggnog, peppermint, or something of the likes, and baby I likes. Top mine off with coconut flakes and at 30(ish) calories an ounce you can feel good about your frozen treat, you'll need to forgo the candies, chocolate sauces, and gummie worms to stay down towards the 30/oz mark though ;-)

As always, happy Yelping - see you in 2035 on my jetpack!
"The best Pizza " do I need say anything more??
This place has great cup cakes and if that was not enough they have a salty carmel nut bar with shortbread crust that is fantastic.  We dont even make it to the car without eating one, it is a must have.  No matter what you buy here it is great.  I hope to try everything.  It is now our must stop when in town.  The customer service is always great.  Very patient and never rush us when we are trying to decide what yummy things we want.  Shop here if you want great desserts.
I've had better, there was nothing special about the food, especially for the price you pay.  I'd much rather spend less and get better food from In and Out or Lenny's.  Wont waste my money here again.  Only good thing was the bun.
This was the launch of our "Seven Summits" of Phoenix mountaineering adventure.  Our goal is to reach all of the seven summits by the end of April and we are off to a great start. Although it took us two attempts (two separate visits) to reach the summit, we did it with a few breaks and plenty of gasping along the way on New Years day. It was our way of starting the New Year on the more active side of things.  This hike really gave us a great work out with the steeper parts of the path allowing for a good sweat.  The trail is a continuous climb with a few resting spots and with plenty of photo ops to the summit. It does get pretty crowded and parking can be an issue on the weekends after the early hours. There are picnic tables, ramadas, restrooms and of course a stunning 360-degreee view once you reach the summit.
I have gone to several places for waxes. I have had top notch amazing waxes and horrible traumatic waxes. There's no way to get around it, waxing hurts. A good aesthetician will reduce the pain - but it's no magic wand. Deyna was very nice and her space was private and clean. The wax was more on than painful side than I am used to from my place in LA, but she was thorough and professional. She owns her own business, so I wasn't pressured to buy anything, which was great. She made me feel very comfortable and the price was right, too! I have sensitive skin, so I will see how my skins reacts. So far, I like the results, but dang, it still hurts! I may come back and give five stars if my skin doesn't freak out on day 2. I definitely recommend!
This place is more than wonderful! If you haven't been yet ....GO! The food it great.....especially the Kung Pao Veg. ....and the best part is....you get a ton of food for a great price. ...they also deliver which is really great...and I mean deliver...during the huge storm that hit down town last month I saw the siu wok dude drive through the mess on central and deliver food to people in our building...these people are serious! Go check them out!
The food in this place was crazy good, but the atmosphere was a little weird with in a noisy/convention/commuter type hotel. We went there with a Restaurant.com gift certificate and really weren't sure what to expect. It was a little pricey but I would definitely go there again... with another deal.

I ordered the salmon which was melt in your mouth good. The Mango Habanero Margarita... that's apparently award winning... was a little spicier than I would've expected, but I'm a sucker for a house specialty drink.  

Our server was very knowledgeable about suggesting meals, drinks and desserts. On the negative side, the menu advertised a smores kit to make smores on the pool deck... we were told that hasn't ever been available but we ordered them anyway (pre-made) and they were delicious.
Great atmosphere, but lukewarm staff. The guy who works in the mornings (weekdays) and the owner are awesome, but some of the staff act like they're annoyed to be taking your order. Their pastries are excellent and the coffee is ok--it depends on what you order. I've always had a much better experience on weekday mornings vs. evenings and weekends.
I come from the east coast and am familiar with the awesome asian grocers in NY/Boston, and this place is CLEAN.  I'm a fan of the fact that things are well labeled and the flow of the place makes sense.  I did experience a bit of sticker shock at some of the items but I guess that's expected in AZ.  Overall, I recommend this place because it's conveniently situated near the highways and this strip mall has a lot of other asian goods/foods to offer as well!
The boyfriend and I headed over there after being alerted by a DJ we like that he would be DJing for Sunday Brunch and they had bottomless bubbles for $10 during brunch. Sign me up!

We arrived around 11:30 after having to wander Scottsdale Quarter for some time trying to find the place. It was already freakin' hot outside and this place is like an icebox. I usually hate that but it was perfect. The first thing we noticed was the really cool decor. Very elegant and posh.

The second thing we noticed was that there was no one there. There were two other couples beside ourselves. I was really surprised. I could not find any reason why people would not want to jump on this. We were immediately welcomed by our server Charlie, who is a doll and we adored her. I asked which bubbles were included and she said that they have a wide selection but they try to work through what they have open. I get that. I'm sure if there was something I wanted that was not open they would have accommodated that but I was thrilled that they had a Schramsburg Blanc de Blanc. At $9 a glass on the menu, having this for the $10 bottomless bubbles is awesome.

We each ordered eggs benedict (short rib for me and tenderloin for the bf). Both were really good, perfectly prepared, came with the best potatoes ever and were a good deal at $12 each. It was just the right amount of food, too.

The only complaint that I had was how dead it was. They really need to step up their marketing for this. Next time I think I'll head there with a girlfriend or two that enjoys champagne. Boyfriend is not a fan and the drinks we're small and steep at $8 each. Of course, I drank more than our money's worth in champagne so it's all good! I hope they do this into the fall when it cools down a little bit!
The pizza is the best that w have ever had. The chef came from Rome and has been making pizza for 30 years. This place is not to be missed. 

located at the Summit, north Scottsdale right next to Blu Burger.

Not only is the pizza great, but the pat a, chicken and the bread, which is made daily there .
Ever since eating these tasty "Sonoran Hot Dogs" in Tucson I've become obsessed with finding more of 'em.  See my reviews in Tucson.

ODE TO THE SONORAN HOT DOG:
Ahhhh the Sonoran Hot Dog you are so much better than the Chicago Hot Dog, and the Coney Island Hot Dog, and the Chili-Cheese-Bacon-Dog.  With your sweet bun and wiener wrapped in bacon , you entice the Mexican inspired toppings of beans, tomatoes, guacamole, sauces and onions.  Your condiments are plentiful and overflowing.  I enjoy you with a Mexican Soda, the way a soda should be sipped.... from a GLASS BOTTLE. I adore you Sonoran Hot Dog.

As you can see, I'm a fan of these hot dogs.  Nogales Hot Dogs in Phoenix is a decent, roadside stand located in a parking lot. I imagine this to be reminiscent of a REAL Nogales Hot Dog purchased from a street vendor. The Dog is okay, and the place gets an extra star for being a roadside stand. My kind of joint. The bacon was a bit puny. 
But when you're in Tucson, make sure you visit both El Guero Canelo  and BK Hot Dogs. (Again, see reviews). Those dogs are truly inspiring. Nogales Hot Dogs are a nice runner up, but nothing too amazing. But since they're the only Sonoran Hot Dogs in the Valley of The Sun, we will have to enjoy them too.  Just don't forget to go to Tucson and get them there on your next trip to the Old Pueblo. Then you'll know why I'm so "inspired".   Thanks Nogales Hot Dogs for taking care of my Sonoran Dog obsession.
This is what frozen yogurt should be - creamy, saturated flavors. Not icy. Try the mint Oreo!  Delish!  A must-visit whenever I travel to Phoenix.
The food here is generally overpriced and over-rated.  Nothing special and the portion sizes leave much to be desired.  If you're looking for somewhere 'sceney', however, this place will deliver.  

One thing you notice if you go there before sunset (when there's a decent amount of daylight shining into the restaurant) is the dirt.  The backs of the white plastic chairs are covered in dirty handprints.  Nothing some bleach and elbow grease won't cure, but still makes you wonder about the cleanliness of the place overall (not something you want to be worrying about when you're trying to enjoy a meal).
The outside appearance of Lucille's is certainly appealing and we love BBQ.  Thus, our decision for a late lunch.  The place had a few full tables but it definitely was not very busy at all.  We were promptly seated but waited what seemed like forever for a waiter to appear for our drink orders.   Then, it took forever again until he showed up for our order.  We were just getting ready to leave money for the drinks on the table when he finally strolled over.  Needless to say .... service was awful.

We love barbecue.  Since we lived in Texas for many years, we know what Texas barbecue is.  It's not Lucille's barbecue.  My husband ordered the Texas BBQ sandwich.  It was too spicy.  He didn't eat it.  I had the 1/4 BBQ chicken and baby back ribs luncheon special.  It must have been an awful small chicken.  The chicken wasn't thoroughly cooked and the ribs weren't cooked long enough to come off the bone.  You would normally think a waiter would ask how you liked the meal especially when the plates are taken back nearly full --- not so.  

If you want better barbecue, I would suggest a trip across the parking lot to Dave's or to Joe's BBQ.  Hands down those two places are not only better but they are a lot cheaper.
The Taiwanese dishes here are quite good..... 

I don't know what people are expecting when they go to a Taiwanese place and order Mongolian Beef/Orange Chicken/Kung Pao chicken and then immediately compare it to Panda Express

That aside their scallion pancake with egg was scrumptious and their prices here are just what a college student needs. 

I prefer this place to A.C.E. too

downsides~ boba not good as boba house, some dishes are off, service is very hands off asian style..... but you go to a place for what its good for and TFE is well worth the effort
This was the first Zoyo in the area that kicked off the other locations across town; also the first one I ever went to. 

As per usual, nothing too different happening here. 

It's what you'd expect for a frozen yogurt place. A variety of flavors, toppings bar, 42 cents an ounce. Looks like most of the other locations too with the roll up, glass garage doors with both indoor and patio seating. No cramped feeling at all.  

They usually have Red Velvet here (first flavor I tried), but not on my most recent trip.

Unlike the McClintock and Guadalupe location in Tempe these guys are NOT sample cup hoarders. Extra star just for that! 

They also have trash cans on the patio. Priorities, people! 

Also, what makes this location my favorite is the customer service. 

The District Manager that used to be here a lot, Mike, is hilarious and would always come out on the patio to chat my friends and I up. 

He also was so kind and decided NOT to slaughter me for coming in decked out in a Colorado State University top on my first visit (was in town for a track meet). Therefore, I forgive him for being a University of Colorado Alum / BUFF fan. 

See?! Frozen yogurt smoothing out a bitter, longtime Colorado college football (and everything else) rivalry. Kind of. ;) 

Nice place to hit up in Ahwatukee if you need that froyo fix!
Went there for dinner with some friends.  Rolled in about 530pm and we had the entire place to ourselves.  I had the rice ball since I had read a great review on it elsewhere.  I even called the day before since it wasn't listed on the menu, the owner was very kind and promised me he would save me one.  It wasn't the greatest I have ever had it was decent.  The rice was a bit too sticky, and I would have enjoyed it more if there was more meat in the middle.  My friend ordered Panino which seemed to be very fresh.  The mozzarella was marinated and delicious.  Overall I think I would try this place again perhaps for lunch.  The owner was great  and very catering to us while we were there.
I have been to four such places in the Phoenix area and if you combine food and ambience this is the best by a mile.  The service was exceptional--we didn't have to wait for anything and people were coming by constantly not only to serve us a gajillion types of meat, but to check on our every need.  Refills?  Sauces?  A particular cut you'd like?  Anything and everything was available right away.

We got taken on a tour of the kitchen and it is huge and spotless.  There is also a private room which apparently is first-come-first-served and is no additional charge.  There is a salad bar with chilled asparagus, hearts of palm, and the most ridiculous artichoke hearts--literally just the very best part of the artichoke here.  There was a delicious chicken salad, potato salad, a bunch of cheeses, and cold cuts.

But of course, the main event was the meat--sausage, sirloin, leg of lamb, chicken legs, bacon wrapped chicken breast, bacon wrapped filet... and the best cut of filet mignon that I've had in a long time.  Tender, amazing, delightful.  This place also gets extra kudos for the fact that the servers ask as they are cutting the meat which doneness you want, which is nice.  I really enjoyed it.

Finally--the dessert was sublime.  Between the three of us, we shared the papaya-ice cream-black currant liqueur thingy, which wasn't too sweet but wonderfully subtle; the molten chocolate cake which would be the most perfect desert known to humanity if it had a few more fresh berries on there, and a wonderful creme brulee which capped off my birthday in the best possible way.  Gabi was evasive when I asked if it was her who ratted me out and scored me a free birthday dessert but I will go ahead and give her the credit since she's just so all-around exceptional.  Once again, an exceptional event--thanks to Yelp and most importantly, thanks so much to Fogo de Chao.
Why oh why must you be so tiny and have such good food, Matt's? It's some of the best breakfast I've ever had but it's still not worth waiting an hour. One time I woke up randomly at 6:30 on Sunday and went over there just in time not to wait for a ridiculous amount of time. That was nice. It almost motivates me to wake up early more often. Everything I've tried I've loved, including the waffle, pancakes, omelets and hashbrowns.
Defalco's is amazingly delicious. The trick to getting your lunch in a timely fashion is to call ahead. It's usually ready in about fifteen minutes and you get to skip the line (as pickups are a separate cashier).

The cheesesteaks are phenomenally sinful, whether you go with the beef or the chicken. I try to eat healthily, but even I will admit weakness when faced with Defalco's. I'd like to see you resist once you have tasted their heavenly precursor to a heart attack, err, cheesesteak.

Also, don't skip dessert. The cannoli is epic.

If you want to eat in, there are tables along the windows. The grocery also has a good selection of Italian dry goods if you want to do something crazy like cook at home.
We enjoyed the restaurant and I give it a three star and my wife gives it a 4 so I'll put a four-star here. I felt that the food was a little overpriced for lunch -- approximately $10-$12 a plate. But all in all a was an excellent experience.
Really Great Company, After visiting website i get a lot of furniture products to renovate home.
Incredible breakfast/lunch spot in North Phoenix!  If you're looking for an extremely clean place with spacious outdoor seating (two large patios!) then check-out The Good Egg's Tramonto location. This is one of their newer locations, and the decor is as fresh as the food.  Recommend the Breakfast Burrito, my personal favorite and if your a regular, make sure you follow #thegoodegg on twitter.  The love the positive tweets and oftentimes will surprise you with complimentary meals.  www.twitter.com/thegoodegg
I love this place. If your looking for a good English treat, this is the place to go. The food is phenomenal and the atmosphere is fun. My favorite pic is "The Pilgrim", which has Turkey, stuffing, sweet potatoes, and comes with a side of cranberry sauce. My husband, who is a vegetarian always gets the vegetarian Shepard's Pie, which he loves.

The only two things that I think could be improved on is the inside of the restaurant is hot hot hot in the summer (better air conditioning). And, there could be more space (it's pretty cramped) for seating. Especially if there is more than 2 people in your party.
I really appreciate mouth-blown glass art work (Chihuly fan since high school!) and so the first time I walked in here, I was wanting to take everything home with me - the colors, the shapes, the ingenuity in many of the work they carry here is so captivating.

I have found great looking pieces here for very affordable prices (the latter not often the case with glass) - beautiful glasses, creative tumblers, unique gifts.  The walls are covered with sets of pieces and then they have plenty of one-off creations - vases, platters, bowls, etc.

Their sales staff are friendly and helpful with questions and not bothersome nor pushy.
I will forever lement the loss of those amazing glitter dogs. Do you think they sold them? If you know what happened to them tell me cause I want one. I hated AZ88 for no aparent reason for a long time. I tend to hate things that young hip kids who live in Scottsdale enjoy, just as a rule, so I was sure I would hate this place. I totally didn't. Part of what I loved about it was those ridiculous sparkling dogs though. Seriously the food is super delicious and I always worry myself sick about what to order cause will it be as delicious as Elsa Chicken Sandwhich? Also, how much do you love waffle cut fries? Well I don't know how much you love them, but I love them a lot. And this place is a little classier than Chik-fil-a, the only other place I know that serves waffle cut fries. Even though it is in Scottsdale and hip kids like it, it isn't even retardedly overpriced. You should probably go here if you haven't yet. Those good for check boxes remind me that the Golden Gate cake thing is beyond delicious. Order it.
I've learned to lower my expectations when it comes to Chinese buffers. However, I have to say, I was a little impressed. The food was fresh and quite tasty. Not a fan of the Hot & Sour soup though.
Had scrambled eggs, bacon & potatoes for breakfast. Food was definitely below average...hard to screw up bacon and eggs (and they were fine) but the toast wasn't even toasted and potatoes had no seasoning at all. How hard is it to throw a little salt and pepper on the potatoes?

Service was fast and efficient... No problems there.
This place has really changed. Not for the better unfortunately. It is so crowded here all the time. They changed the layout. It is a huge maze and forget elbow room, too crowded. The prices in the restaurant has gone up and they charge for everything now, eh hem bags included. I don't think I will be a frequent shopper here.
**Hotel room had a faulty Iron, destroyed my shirt, and they did not refund me or do anything about except replace my iron with a working one.

Worst customer care of all time
It's always nice when the owner of the restaurant asks how you're doing. That's the service you get every time from Jalapeño Inferno in North Scottsdale.

The lighting is better in the bar, so I prefer to sit there. We shared the green corn tamales, always a treat, but I don't think they need the cheese in them. 

My wife got some kind of fried mexican pizza that was huge and delicious (most of it is in my fridge this morning). I tried the Goat Cheese and Mushroom Enchiladas and they were super tasty, as were the black beans on the side.

The *Princess Margarita was good, but she said it was little too tart. I had The Boss and the Top Shelf, each unique and tasty, but I'll stick with the Top Shelf Margarita only next time.

Overall, this place is great! I thought I remembered it having fewer vegetarian options, but I was good-to-go. I do, however, wish they added something meatless to the spicy section of the menu. I know how good that inferno sauce is ;)

Turns out the owners opened a new place recently for American food, wine and rock-and-roll, Rhythm and Wine. Looking forward to trying that too.
I play squash racquet's, a sport favored by the east coast "elites" from them Ivy League schools, those snooty Britishers and the Pakistani leisure class:) 

Why they let me play, I'll never know:)

Last evening, we had a little tourney in which a group of us from the Village traveled to the outer reaches of Tempe to play a group from Lifetime Fitness:)

It was a jolly good, show, ever so much fun and our Village group gave the Lifetime group a bit of a "Rodgering":)

So it was with happy hearts and high spirits that we headed down the street to the post tourney repast at Skip & Jan's...let me start by saying that the Lifetime group picked this place, and it's almost like they knew they were going to lose and wanted to select a venue that would be the grimiest, greasiest, grubbiest, grossest spot to try to eat...they succeeded:)

Where to start...I know...the parking lot:)

When we arrived, the total Kelly Blue Book value of the 50-60 cars in the parking lot was about $832...we raised that by several orders of magnitude, just by driving in...this parking lot hasn't seen a lot of traffic from the Mercedes/BMW/Lexus/Jaguar crowd (and may never again:)

After I safely parked a block or 2 away, I went inside and took in the look and feel of S&J...crappy old wood paneling...tables and chairs from a circa 1955 high school cafeteria...an intriguing mix of flat panel TV's, regular TV's and OTB results screens (yeah, you can bet the ponies here...the sport of Kings, in a slightly less than "regal" atmosphere:)

They must have 20-25 pool tables...faded felt...and a whole bunch of people playing pool (and frankly looking like they weren't enjoying themselves...extremely tight and serious expressions on the faces of the people playing and watching...aren't games supposed to be fun? :-)...I suspect there was gambling going on:)

The smell in S&J can only be described as "extreme humanity"...the place smelled like it has seen a century's worth of spilled beer, cigarette smoke, BO, vomit, urine, spoiled food and every other aroma that humans create for themselves...remarkable, given the fact that this place can't have been here for more than a few years...how did they do that so quickly? :-)

S&J has menus, they have some sort of kitchen, they have Jagermeister on "tap", they have a bunch of beers on tap and they had a buffet (or "boofay" for my friend Ryan C) set up for our group.

It was supposed to be a Taco Bar:)

S&J provided a table full of taco "fixin's"...the centerpiece of which was the taco meat hot tray...Holy Crap, was that disgusting! :-(

They told us it was ground beef, but I know my beef, and I don't think this was it...this was ground "creature"...possibly some sort of unfortunate non-distinct animal which happened to be near the kitchen when duty called.

I kid, of course...as far as I know, this was indeed, "beef"...just not very good "beef":(

The hot tray holding the "meat" looked like a relief map of the Hawaiian Islands...small mountains of "meat" rising out of the ocean of brown/orange grease that was the real body of the dish:(

But, I was starving (a banana for breakfast and nothing else) so I tried to make a taco.

I decided to forgo the slotted spoon that everyone was trying to use to fish some meat out of the soupy brine, and use some tongs instead...my idea was to try to squeeze as much grease out of the concoction as possible...I was sort of successful, but in doing so, I probably squeezed any flavor out as well:(

I got back to the table and tried a bite...not good...I added several shakes of Cholla and tried another bite...and that was that:(

One of my buddies had decided to forgo the mystery meat tacos and ordered wings from the menu and offered me one...I'm not sure what the deal with the wings was, but the wing I tried seemed to be boiled (no, not "broiled"...boiled) and then dipped in buffalo sauce...not crispy, just wet...all the way through:)

Then they announced that Karaoke was going to start soon...and that was enough for me:(

Adding amateur singing to this tableau would have just been too much:)

Still, it's not all bad news...the tires and wheels were still on my car when I was ready to leave...I didn't become immediately ill (although I had kind of a rough morning, this morning).

They say shared adversity can make teams grow together, so I think I should thank S&J for making the Village Squash group nearly invincible:)
Monster sized servings that will keep them buying to-go boxes. The menu is packed with options, including some traditional deli favorites. The endless pickle platter placed on each table is always a favorite. As a non meat eater, there was only a single sandwich option, but they had a couple good soups to choose from.
Ok, for those of you who like going to chain restaurants, this is not your place. Also, if you're looking for white tablecloth and Vogue-ish ambiance, go to PF changs (yuck). This place is for weddings, family gatherings, just simple good food, morning noon and night, and amazing drinks.

We went for breakfast, because I love a good Mexican breakfast, but they're impossible to find here.

John had juevos rancheros and they were lovely.
I had the eggs and ham and it was perfect.

Great departure from the typical diner breakfast. Perfect for a hangover, because there's a full bar, and they will give you a bloody Mary.

The wrinkle, is that breakfast is served weekends only till noon. We walked in a half an hour late and they accommodated us. ;)

Their claim to fame is the taco lunch buffet. ~we didn't stick around for that. I can also imagine there would be some good salsa dancing in this place late nights.

From the outside it looks like a tiny storefront. But it's huge inside and mellow, like everyone there was there the night before and the moonlight hasn't brushed off yet.
Tasty black beans and veggie burritos.  Good to-go vegetarian burritos!  A rarity here in Phx.
Location: Awesome.

Downscale, intentionally shitty and cheesy, decent food, excellent happy hour, set up like a giant courtyard,  the perfect place to get sloshed outside in the AZ summer. Or winter. Or whenever.

Plus, think about it. It has the words Gringo and Trailer Park in it's name. 

What could possibly go wrong?
Wife and I stopped in after walked around Old Town Scottsdale for dinner. We got seated immediately even at the dinner rush and had great service. We had a pesto pizza with chicken, mushrooms, sun-dried tomatoes. It was amazing, perfect balance of everything and cooked just right. We will be back
I blinked & I missed it - it's tiny but has a lot of food options to offer. I got a vegan chocolate protein shake & it was a wonderful way to start my day. Love that such yummy fresh food can come through a drive thru!
Short Version: If I had to rate FRC restaurants, this one would fall somewhere in the middle. It's good, not great. Nothing unique. We got the Beef "House Specialty" Enchiladas and the Crispy Shrimp Tacos and it was good. If you're deciding between these two, I'd go with the Crispy Shrimp Tacos. 

Long Version: My wife and I came here for lunch the Friday after Christmas and it was one of the only places that wasn't completely packed. We hadn't been to a Blanco in a very long time over at The Borgata, which I'm not even sure it's there anymore. We decided to try it again despite not remembering if we liked it or not the first couple times we had gone. 

The menu appeared to be the same, and I only remember that because it's a pretty typical Mexican restaurant. I'd compare it to a Fuego Tacos but with nicer and cleaner decor. The decor is what you'd expect from a Fox restaurant. The service was good and attentive. 

We were served chips that were really salty and I like salty so I know that means they were overly salty. Not sure if that's a consistent thing or not. 

I ordered the Beef "House Special" Enchiladas which came out very hot (not a bad thing) in their cast iron pot. Along with it came the Charro Beans and some rice. The enchiladas were stuffed with cheese, ancho chiles and short ribs. The Charro Beans were pinto beans with bacon pieces. My favorite part was the rice. Not sure what's in them, but it's kind of like a sticky rice with some herb seasoning. My wife got the Crispy Shrimp Tacos which also came with the side of rice but she got the black beans instead. I think I liked her tacos more than my echiladas. It's definitely the lighter choice.

All that said, Blanco is nothing special. It's not bad and it's not awesome. Very middle of the road to me. There are other placed I'd like to go before coming back to Blanco. Maybe I'm just annoyed because I have to be at work today so I'm writing a grumpy-town review, but there's just nothing great to say about the lunch I just had. Nothing terrible to say either. 

I just thought of a good way to describe it: As I was at the half way point of my Enchiladas and wasn't hungry anymore, but also not full anymore, I decided just to stop eating. That is to say, if a meal is good, I'll keep eating until I'm disgusted with myself and if it's bad, I wouldn't have made it to the halfway mark. This is probably how a healthy human being should eat anyways. Maybe this place is good for me after all.
Because there were 3 of us sharing from each cup, I did not feel completely guilty about sampling most of the bottles in those mini plastic cups  (grabbed those wood coffee stir sticks and broke into pieces for tasting).  We sampled about 12 while waiting for our lunch order.  The sister started pouring (!) the plain white balsamic vinegar over her 'wich with each bite -- she ended up getting the White Balsamic Herb Crema and the Blood Orange for salads at home.  The white truffle oil is going to be my new go-to for pan-poaching my egg whites -- my Italian itty bitty bottle remains for drizzling.

Our take home was the 4-pack variety pack of olive oil "muffins".  I seriously had doubts about the cake version of the recipe asking for basically an entire bottle of oil (what cake needs over 2 cups of oil?!).  These suckers were heavy, but now that we're at home, I am so surprised at how great these are... moist (duh) and no grassy olive oil taste.  Since I'm not going to purchase a bottle to pour into an entire cake, these "muffins" will be a definite purchase item every time I go back!
Where else can you go and hear good music, consume cheap (and strong) drinks and enjoy some perfectly cooked fried chicken and catfish?
Great location right off the lake with indoor/outdoor seating, family friendly (Weds are family night), great Mexican food (yes, its greasy)-with about 10 dinner combos which can please just about anyone, AND we get a buy one get one free through the mail almost weekly that it just makes sense to keep coming back for more! =) Plus their chips, salsa, and bean dip just about seal the deal for me! Yummy!
This has the best pastries I've had thus far in Phoenix. Sorry, Sprinkles.

I had a butternut brownie and a gooey ooey that i split with a friend. To be honest, these were some of the best pastries I've had. Like ever. Not only were the good tasting, but the frosting was perfect. Not too soft, but meant to be eaten with the pastry rather than just a garnish. My mouth was watering when I saw the cakes they had inside. I'm waiting for just the right occasion to come back in and buy one.

As far as sweets go, this is the place to stop by. I haven't tried their bread yet, but I hear it's good.
Standard Panda Express food. Great new building. The staff is a little rude, probably just need more training in customer service.
Place is a little small and hidden really well but it is not only affordable but really delicious!
I had to wait almost 9 minutes for my pickup in the lot for my ride to the airport.  I'm glad it wasn't the middle of the summer.
Finally, I made it for lunch at this new place.  According to our waitress, it has only been open for less than 2 weeks.  The outside was updated with a new paint.  However, much of the decor from the previous restaurant in this location (3 Margaritas) has been retained with slight structural changes on the inside. The decor is odd in that the booths have an old floral pattern and all the tables and chairs are painted with a "mexican" theme... definitely a mismatch in styles.

I ordered their chimichanga lunch special (meat option was chicken, beef or shredded beef) and my dining companion ordered the "mexican style" plate.  The service was good and the food fresh.  It's hard not to compare it to the previous restaurant since it should be judged on its own merits.  Actually, I found the food to be better... which translates to less grease, fresher ingredients.  The chips were also fresh and the salsa spicy and tasty enough to keep feeding your face while waiting for your entree.

Overall, a good restaurant with decent Mexican food.  I will definitely return due to its food and convenient location.
My FAVORITE Pho restaurant! Rare beef Pho is amazing and their broth has just a little something different from most of the Pho places I have tried. Way to go Pho Ao Sen! This place is a no brainer and a great place to take a date. Prices are reasonable, staff is friendly and the ambience is way better than your average strip mall Pho joint.
I could not be more dissappointed in this restaurant.  Service was horrible.  We ordered two slices of cheese pizza (that was already cooked) and a small ceasar salad.  We waited for 10 minutes, and finally 1 slice came to us and it cold.  After an additional 10 mintues I went to the counter to ask where the rest of the order was, there were no apologies I was just told that it would be right out.  Seriously, 10 minutes later I had to go to the counter again, and still it was another 5 before my salad and piece of cheese pizza were brought to the table.  I will definately not be back.
Been to  my house twice....once for carpet cleaning and another for cleaning tile grout and upholstery. Absolutely the best service I've used in 35 years, including Zero-Rez. Can't say enough....awesome job!
Just finished lunch at this amazing cafe with a  welcoming owner/hostess, charming decor and food that will knock your socks off. I had the tomato/brie frittata. I am normally leary of frittatas as most of them are way overcooked, but this one was perfect- smooth and scrumptuous. My friend ordered one of the specials, a wild rice pancake which was a complex creation mixing sweet with savory, topped with ricotta and sage. Both dishes came with a side of potatotoes or sauteed veggies (we chose the veggies-yum) and we washed everything down with tall glasses of green mandarin iced tea.

Most of the places that have opened lately seem to be little more than flashy concepts with food that doesn't invite you to hurry back. There is real thought and intent behind the menu at the Wy-Knot Cafe and I will be hurrying back very soon.

BTW, the background music is soft and mellow allowing for plenty of relaxed conversation.
I got lucky and got a single seat at the bar. But it's a Wednesday night. I got there at 5pm. The wait for any party from 2-6 is about 45-75 minutes. Uh.

The pizza. Okay I can say it's probably the best in Arizona. But outside of NY, I still prefer Apizza Scholls in Portland, OR. The crust at PB seems to lack salt. Although crispy and thin, it lacks flavor. I got half and half Wise Guy (onion and fennel sausage + mushroom) and Margherita. I'll give the Wise Guy a 3 out of 5 because it's kind of bland. The Margherita I'll give a 4 out of 5. The sauce is pretty good. But every pizza I've had at Apizza Scholls in Portland, OR I've given 5 out of 5. 

It may seem pricy to pay $16 for a personal size pizza but that's what good pizza goes for these days. 

So there it is. Best pizza in AZ, but not really worth all the hype, and the wait.
Hooters has nothing on the Tilted Kilt, except maybe San Diego. Suzie (the bartender) was pleasant and quick to get my order. I walked in when it opened and you can tell she had to do the prep for the day and she handled it like a champ.

I had the TK's Signature Wings - Kilt Burner Sauce, which wasn't that hot. I was expecting an explosion of burning goodness. They were still delectable, but I wanted HOT!! 

Anyway, the view of Suzie was absolutely easy on the eyes. She is absolutely gorgeous! I would go back just to have her service. :-)

A great beer selection on tap also made this a good spot to eat lunch/ drink lunch.
Amazing Chinese!  Gary did it again with this location and we love coming in to watch sports on a Saturday afternoon. Best Chinese in AZ!
Very good! The food was tasty and fresh! 
As a vegetarian, it's so nice to be able to choose anything on the menu! We will definitely be back!
oh my savior!  you're the best thing to happen to me today! and i had an extra horrible day traveling.  i was so lucky and so happy to fall upon this place.  so i look up at the menu- breakfast all day! hooray!  i had an ear to ear smile when i saw my options.  i got a spinach, tomato, and provolone omelet on a toasted sesame bagel.  oh god did that hit the spot.  tomorrow i'll have the veg-out sandwich!

waiting for my order, i saw the coffee station.  a row of coffee makers that had TIMERS on them!  fresh coffee!!  another slice of heaven today.  what can top this?  SOY milk can, and it did!! i had to try the neighborhood blend since i'm not from around here.  i've done my cultural duty. it was yummy.  

i totally scored!!  yay for me for finding this place.  (it's part of the hyatt, but i'm staying at the wyndham)
use you coupons! they never expire!
Great view of the brewing equipment as you walk in - this is a true brewery that happens to have seating & televisions at the front entrance.  It has both a clean & upscale feel along with being in a "warehouse" type place where all the beers are made.  

All of the beers were fresh and had a rather light & clean taste.  The pale lager seems to be suited for the Miller crowd, but for those who appreciate craft beer the other offerings are worth seeking out.  Hefe-weizen has a good banana component, Scottish has a pleasant toffee-caramel sweetness, and the pale ale is modestly hopped and very approachable.

Staff was pleasant and the prices were reasonable for Tempe.  Multiple hi-resolution TV's are placed throughout the area for games and such.  

Glad to see another brewery in Tempe again and I hope some of their beers will reach a pub near me in Glendale.
This is the wedding of a smart owner and some great cooks in the kitchen.  First off, they have a small--probably 8 tables at most and that's counting several 2 person tiny tables--cafe offstreet in an alley.  We had a little problem finding it with the gps but we did.  He does have tons of parking, tho, across the street so that's no problem for those of you who worry.
When we went last night in mid-January he had plenty of tables outside with many people sitting out there and even his hostess podium there, too.  Very smart move.
Nobody seemed to mind it was winter and sitting outside, so I can only guess it was suitably warm out there.  We, however, were sat inside right next to the kitchen.  But, then again, if you are inside the cafe you will always be somewhat close to the kitchen.
Now, the service:  Either this owner has told his servers to realllly take care of the patrons or we got the world's greatest server.  This gal (I'm guess 40's, long blonde hair) first gave us when we said we'd order sangria 2 tastes of both white and red for us to decide which one.  We went with the white that night.  It was good, but, having lived in Spain, it wasn't really authentic sangria.  Where was the fruit that always goes in sangria a la Spain?  Oh well...still good tasting.
The lady server also gave us 2 free empanadas for me and my gal pal to taste.  OMG!  I have never ever liked empanadas because the crust is always crap and the filling is always dry or dull.  But these empanadas...like nothing I have ever tried before:  judgment is fantastically delicious!
We both ordered the pork dinner which is pork shoulder (pulled pork to you) sans any sauce which comes on the side.  It's a whitish sauce--I think they called it mole or moro or something--that was light and delicious to me.  I poured it all over my huge portion of pork.
I also ordered the special potatoes (wonderful!) and the creamed corn (a tad jalapeno hot for me but not bad at all).  My friend ordered the jalapeno bread, and I will get that next time as she gave me a taste....and, again, delicious.
I consider myself somewhat of a foodie, and I say this place is soooo worth going to again and again.  Great food!  And even my gal pal who has some kind of intestinal bowel problem said she wanted to go back she loved it so much.
This is my go-to place to eat in Phoenix now when I want some Spanish-style foods.  Fresh, delicious and you REALLY get taken care of here.  I love this place, and I can tell by this young owner's attitude that he really wants you to love his food and his service...and to enjoy yourself.  We did, we do and we will definitely be back here!!!!
My prediction from the smart way the owner has set his place up that he will go very, very far in the restaurant business.  Clever set-up, great food, great service = a whopping success!!!!

(Oh, forgot:  The lady server--since we went between getting the short rib or the pork--also brought us a couple bites of the short rib to taste.  Is that fantastic service or what????)

UPDATE:  Been there a couple times now and ordered the same thing as before--only they didn't give up any free empanadas that night.  Dang...we were so stuffed anyway we could hardly get up from the table.  Food still delicious, tho!
I love this restaurant, and plan to bring my ex-Chef son here to eat soon.
Bittersweet review.  We had a tremendous dining experience recently.  Tasty entrees, cold drinks, great service, and loved the atmosphere.  The problem is that Earls is closing this Thursday July 14th.  Too bad because they are executing very well.

On a positive note, Twin Peaks restaurants out of Dallas is taking over the space.  So, I look forward to trying the new restaurant, and bid farewell to Earls and hope they figure out a way to reopen in Scottsdale.
I hate to hand out single star badges of honor on here, but this place deserves it.  When they first opened a review would have been 4 stars but lately the service from inside and wash staff drops it to one star.  
The last 2 times we have taken our cars in they have not been very clean including them not even trying to vacuum out the back of my wife's SUV last time she was there.  
To top it off when she went to pay with a coupon that can be printed off of their website at this moment they refused to accept the coupon saying that the prices have changed and we "need to deal with it".  
Mind you this coupon has no expiration date on it and is currently active on the web.  We finally got a hold of a manager who was not to thrilled to correct the pricing error, and lastly they charged us for an extra quart of oil when their oil changes come with 5 quarts and according to the manual the engine holds just under 5 quarts.  
Wont be going here again.
This place is very tiny, not pretentious, but not junky and the people are friendly. We ordered the very big pizza, not sure what it is called, but it is served on a wood plank. The ingredients were fresh and the flavors were good. I have had better pizza before, but I still applaud eating food that actually tastes like real food in restaurants now days.

Several people at other tables were ordering Italian dishes that looked and smelled amazing. I would love to come back and try some of those.
How many times have I passed this place since I have lived in the valley? About a million? I always said, one day I am going there. Well today I did, and I am so glad!!! Girls impromtu lunch today, so glad I was feeling pasta!! We walked in and were greeted by a fantastic gentelman with a very New York accent. Awesome! As soon as we sat down we knew that this was one cool place. We had a group of servers taking care of us, no pretense here! Loved the ambiance! The food, was oh so fantastic! Can't wait to go and try other dishes. This place is great as a first date night. Like I said not a lot of pretense, so some of that pressure is gone;) 
Who care if the menus are not laminated, the food made up for that. So going back!!
Windsor, the newest addition to the Demarco list of hip places in the Valley (until Gilbert Postino opens next to Liberty Market). 

Not that I know anything about classic cocktails, but I've begun to dive into this new revival of old school, classic beverages. Winsdor has a great take on this new trend, and does the "pub food" to match.
I've been to Windsor a handful of times, had every cocktail on the menu and I've also tried a few of the beers and wines. My favorite cocktail is the No. 35. The combination of scotch, St. Germain and lemon has an incredible balance and is an easy and strong drink. The wines at Windsor are all on tap (a new trend in New York and California). I am a fan of the wines on tap, for the price, quality and the amount of waste (nearly zero) that the restaurant has on such a drink. The food at Windsor is a little more than elevated bar food. My fiancée and I love getting the Russian Roulettes for a bar snack, which consists of roasted green peppers. Most are mild, but you'll get that one that has a bite! For a little heftier of a plate we will share the Smorgasbord which has a house cured salmon, white bean dip, cheese, nuts, etc. Those two are perfect for an afternoon of cocktails and snacks.

Like Postino, they offer glasses of wine, pitchers of beer and specialty cocktails for only $5 before 5pm. 

Some people like the vibe and decor, others seem to think it's a little too cliche. I think the decor and design is excellent. Small aspects remind me of Postino and stick with the Demarco way of restaurant design. However, some of the themes are reminiscent of the vintage cocktail revival and reminds me of the craft cocktail bar, Craft & Commerce in souther California.

Overall, this is a great place for a casual and quiet afternoon snack and libation. If it wasn't 35 miles from my house you could probably find me there a couple of times a week.

Nice job Craig, and staff. Keep up the great work and I look forward to seeing Postino Gilbert open in the beginning of the year.
Avoid this store at all cost. Seriously, if you are dying of a horrible disease and the only known cure is eleven herbs and spices, *GO TO ANOTHER KFC*
Quirky and comfortable, the Paisley Violin is like a non-conformist's hideaway. An unassuming building in a slightly questionable but slowly emerging art district encloses a cafe/gallery/artists-haven that serves unique sandwiches with daily specials, a full-service coffee bar, free wifi and live music. The space is quite small, especially on nights when there are musicians performing, but that just adds to the intimate and welcoming atmosphere.  The staff is extremely nice, friendly and very accommodating, and the clientele are the same.  

On my first visit there I had the olive bowl (watch out for the olive pits!), the paprika turkey sandwich and their unique daily soup special-- chipotle salmon chowder.  The turkey sandwich was delicious and the soup was a bit spicy (duh, it had chipotle in it!) but very interesting, with flavors I've never experienced.  I ended the meal with a cafe mocha, and I must say what a way to end a meal.  This was the BEST mocha I've ever had (that is why I am giving this place 5 stars!!!) Overall, a delicious meal and a wonderful time enjoying some great indie and local musicians.  I'll definitely be going back again real soon!
Went for happy hour, I ordered the Bruschetta (Apple Fig and Goat Cheese, Salmon, Roasted Pepper, Spinach and Artichoke) and then I went home and killed myself knowing that nothing could ever top it.  It was that freakin good!! Friendly, professional service, amazing atmosphere, delicious cuisine. Go now!!
Great place to be in the evening.... Dogs are friendly... People are friendly... Some need to watch their children more and some need to watch their dogs... But Later in the evening it is very relaxing... Love this park!!!! We will be going everyday except Tuesday....
I've been here a few times over the years to see various shows, and the biggest things I have to say are: get a seat in the orchestra! The balconies are crazy high, and have a tendency to make people dizzy. For shows like Wicked, a good chunk of the stage is blocked the higher you go by the Time Dragon part of the set. Also, the bathroom are just ridiculous. They lack in number, accessibility and cleanliness. The ushers are cranky and generally not very helpful. 

Sound and lighting is great and they always manage to bring in good shows like Avenue Q, Wicked, Mamma Mia, American Idiot and others. I've never seen a show with a bad touring cast there. The snacks and things are decent, a little pricey, but it's to be expected. At least you can bring your drinks in with you to the auditorium. 

Just make sure not to eat or drink too much or you'll get stuck in the insane lines for the restroom during intermission. 

It's a good venue for shows, but they do need  to make some improvements to better serve their customers.
This is the best place to get homemade Mexican food in Scottsdale!!! The machaca was insane!! It melts in your mouth and has just the right amount of spice. The owners were so sweet and nice!!! Don't listen to these people who gave bad reviews.  I swear you'll
go and love it!!!  They probably think taco bell is good mexican :P
This place beats the pants off of Ruth's Chris!! I couldn't believe it! The best bone in filet I've ever had! We love it so much that we have made it a family tradition to go every year around Christmas time as a group. Make a reservation just in case they are too full especially around the holidays! Also ask for Alan he is our favorite server  & he's the man!
Kincaids is under-appreciated by most downtown residents I know. I attribute this in part to the location, which is hidden away on the second floor of the visually inaccessible Collier Center. Out of sight, out of mind. 

Despite that, it's a nice place to bring someone on a date (though not necessarily a first date). Also the perfect way to complement a downtown cultural event such as at the Herberger Theatre or the Symphony. The service is excellent and commensurate with the moderately expensive price range for entrees (over 20 bucks for seafood). The quality of the food is consistently good, and they have a nice variety of beer and wine selections. 

Less than 5 stars because the atmosphere doesn't really knock my socks off. But what do you expect from a chain?
Good Food. Fast Service. Consistent every time. They have their system down.
I just tried this place based on the reviews on here but I was disappointed. No ambiance, though that's not always a bad thing. The staff was courteous but the food left lots to be desired. The spring rolls,  which I always look forward to at Vietnamese restaurants, were wimpy. The pho was ok,  nothing special. I had to ask for cilantro on the side. I'd come here again if I was really craving pho and didn't have time to go anywhere else.
I stopped here with a co-worker after a shopping excursion at Hobby Lobby. We called to place an order to go and they normally do not take phone orders, but the gal made an exception. (This was really nice of her!) I ordered the chicken sandwich with avocado and bacon. I also ordered a side of sweet potato fries. The only problem is when you take it to go, the fries don't survive! They get wilted and I like 'em crunchy. The sandwich was pretty good - I liked the flavors but the chicken was greasy. I wouldn't order it again, unless the chicken was less greasy. My co-worker enjoyed her food, but I don't always trust her judgment. (I mean, she was okay with limp fries.) If in the area, I might go back. Who knows?
Stayed here February 16 thru 20 2012 ...was upgraded to a two room suite due to my diamond status...the original charge was to be 129.00 but they charged me 149.00 due to the upgrade..That was BS since they did the upgrade without me asking for it...the room was so so.. The kitchen was small no measuring cups for cooking...needs more utensils...the staff had no clue how to answer the questions asked them.  Tim the manager was terrible and tried to tell me that the room was discounted to 149.00 but I never asked for it..they over booked not my problem..will never stay here again..
This is another place on my regular lunch rotation.  I have been eating at Someburros for years frequenting the locations in Tempe and Gilbert as well as this location by Chandler Mall

This is deli style.  You go to the counter and order, they give you a number, and then bring the food to your table.  The restaurant is always clean and well staffed.

The food at Someburros is on par with any good Mexican restaurant in the Valley, but it is fast and inexpensive.   Most adult meals with drink will cost about $8.  Kids cost 1/2 that.  

I usually get one of the burritos.  Lately the Crudo Burro is my favorite.  It is shredded beef with SPICY tomatillo sauce.  Do not order this unless you can handle spicy food.  I also like the Rod Burro and the Poncho Villa.  I really like the rice, as well.  

Someburros also has large party platters.  A number of times we have purchased party platters for a gathering at our house.  Our guests always devour the food and rave about it.  It is a relatively inexpensive way to cater a party.

Someburros is a great place for lunch and a relatively inexpensive way to feed the family.  If you have not tried it, definitely check it out.
Great idea, poor execution!  I was expecting that Roosevelt was going to be blocked off for this event, and all the food trucks would be parked on the street, with plenty of room for people to mill about.  WRONG!  Instead, they had all the trucks parked in a small dirt area off of Roosevelt, which made you feel (1) dirty, (2) cramped and (3) hungry!  The chaos was completely overwhelming, and most of the food that I was actually able to try was underwhelming.  Not a good combination.  As another reviewer noted, I felt like I was at Disney World during Labor Day weekend because the lines were ridiculously long -- some to the point that they curved around twice!  We started off at the Cajun food line which was moving quickly because they (smartly) had someone handing out food to people in line, and then we quickly hopped on the line for the BBQ truck while still eating our Cajun food.  Then after getting the BBQ food we quickly hopped in line at the Hey Joe Filipino truck.  It took about 20 minutes to get through each line.  We were really annoyed and frustrated, so then we just grabbed some shaved ice and a smoothie from another truck (can't remember the name) and left.  We ended up at Windsor for food and drinks.  It's a shame that we paid $30 each for entry into the Food Truck Festival, and maybe had $5 worth of food.  What a ripoff!  We should've asked for a refund like another reviewer.  Unless I hear that some big changes are being made for next year, they won't get my $30 bucks again!

As an aside, it's really a shame that the food being served took a backseat to the failed logistics of the event.  We couldn't even enjoy the food and the whole thing just left a bad taste in our mouths.
I went in on 06/23/12 and had 2 carne asada tacos with beans and rice.  The tacos were big and the price was small.  It was so good that I ordered another plate afterwards.  I'll be going back today too.  4 stars.
Very good food, unlike most of the Mexican food in the area.  Tastes like someone took the time to cook.  Clean restrooms as well.
Great guy, I thought my garbage disposal was a goner but only filled with   miscellaneous debris thanks to my clueless college son.  Only charged me a minimum fee.  Honest operation.
I'm all about the Sunrise on cheddar w/ turkey sausage. Great selection of fresh made bagels. Good deals on day old too. They need salsa to offer with the breakfast selections
Love Trader Joe's.  It's a mini-grocery store that has lots of organic and minimally processed foods.  Great wine selection and cookies and candies that I can never resist.  I have to leave my diet at the door.

The only downside to TJ's is the crowds vs the size of the store.  They should really try to expand some more, as this particular store seems to have a greater percentage of the clueless.  You know the ones, neighbors that haven't seen each other for six months, suddenly decide the grocery aisle is the place to stop and chat- to hell with anybody that is there to shop, and if you happen to want something they are standing in front of, well you better just back off and loop around in another ten minutes. Not really TJ's fault t it's a great store!
I ordered the black bear claw, the menu said "made fresh each day" but I think they meant they opened a new package for each order, and from the taste of it not many people ordered it! Stale , dry and totally yucky, not to mention it has THE most calories on the menu, 1800+ for a single Danish! The only reason I gave 3 stars is the rest of the tables orders were ok and the waitress was really nice! She took the bear claw off the check no problems
this place is perfect to get stuffed with food and/or drinks. 

ill start with the drinks. the all day (fri and sat til 7p) happy hour specials switch depending on the day. but you can get at least a bud light draft or well drink for just $1 or $2. 

small bar area if you just want to drink too. nice to pre-game a cine-capri movie...or shopping?

food: build your own bowl with a pretty good selection of meats, veggies, spices, sauces, etc.. the bowl may seem kinda small, but youre not adding the noodles or sauces in it. you can even practice on their website.......it can make about 2 meals...even for me. its $10 dinner and $14 for 'all you can eat'. not sure how that works tho.  (i signed up to their club and got a free birthday bowl!). some of what i mixed in was some chicken, marinated steak, pork, beef, celery, peppers, with a crazy concoction of spicy sauces. i cant wait to get home and chow on the rest!

those wacky mongolians really know whats up. its really that simple.
Brad and team did an excellent job on our house. We have a challenging job -- a ton of very complex glass. A large job to say the least. On time, on task and great follow-up. They did a terrific job and i would highly recommend them.
If you're looking for something in the fast casual arena, you could do much worse than Wildflower. The service was very good, none of the food blew my socks off, but it was all good. I'd definitely choose this over most of the competition.
I've eaten here a handful of times for lunch. I know they have a huge if not the largest selection of beer on tap in town (but its lunch time and I don't care for beer so this is about the food). I'd say the food Qualtiy is a touch above average. I had a burger last time I was there and actually thought they served me a slider at first the burger was so tiny. Tasty but tiny. Now the fries were fantastic! Shoestring fries hot salty and tasty-and a nice portion too! Servers have always been very pleasant. Check it out!
Service is fast and friendly.  My orders have been fulfilled 100% without error.  

Sometimes I wish there was a drive-thru!
Worst food ever. Never go there!!!! Went there and had a gyro sandwich got diarrhea right at the same day. I heard similar stories frm my friends and family member @ different times of their visit. We ll never come back!!!!!
Let me start by saying the food here is five star.  Everything I ate was delicious and I plan on coming back for more.

The down side...

Service sucked.  My server was the antithesis of good.  He took my order then promptly ignored me.  When the wrong entree was brought out, my server did not acknowledge it, he just brought out the right food. Not a good way to deal with things...

The food:  Get appetizers and enjoy them!  There is a spinach dish that is simple and amazing, and their gyoza soup is nothing short of spectacular.  They do everything right, so enjoy any noodly dish you can imagine.

In summary:  Amazing food but the service sucks.  Sit at the bar.  Still, eat this stuff, it's amazing.
It's date night and you're headed to the movies.
Now the dilemma.
Eat a small mountain of hot, faux-buttered popcorn at the movies, or a little popcorn and a  decent meal afterward.
I go with both.
Only I'm usually too full to eat anything of decent substance after all that popcorn so I typically come here.
Tea Lite Cafe.

It's cheap and filling and, its under ten bucks.
I've tried both the chicken based pho and the beef, go with the beef...it has a ton more flavor.
Another bonus is how the meat in the soup is all very recognizable, putting that whole dog and cat meat thing to rest.

A large bowl will feed two.
I weasel most of the meat out of it when my date goes to the bathroom. 
And she wonders why I fart so much.
The food was heavy, americanized "Mexican" food.  Authentic mexican food is so fresh and this was far from fresh.  The prices were very high for such low quality.  Al pastor was soggy and unrecognizable and quesadillas were fried masa.
After recently getting a much larger apartment, I was confronted by the harsh realities of needing a lot of furniture for the space - and, like any non-super-wealthy or non-uber-design-oriented individual - not wanting to blow a ridiculous amount of cash to do so. 

Based on that, I set out on a quest to buy a mixture of items from Ikea, Craigslist, Target and any local stores. During that journey, I drove down Indian School to take a look in a few of the furniture shops I knew were there. Just before I hit the 51 and was about to give up, I saw Wazoo Deals on the north side of the road and pulled in. 

I was relatively impressed by the selection, although I will say there was definitely a lack of more contemporary/streamlined pieces. That said, I was looking for more of a mid-century style, and was happy to see a few custom pieces that worked well for me: one coffee table with built-in trays and etched legs and a mahogany dining room table/chairs set with an inlaid contemporary wood design. 

I was able to bargain down the prices and get delivery included to my fourth-floor apartment for around $400. Not too shabby, I'd say. I'd definitely come back periodically to check the selection. 

One final gripe worth noting: I wish they didn't put adhesive price tags on wood furniture. Even with GooGone, it was really difficult to get them off.
The best coffee at Phoenix Sky Harbor.  Take the extra moment to walk to C11-C19 in Term4 and get a Chemex or pour over.  A bonus is to support local!!!
I was destined for the Farmhouse next to Liberty Market but they were closed on Easter Sunday so I tried this place instead right up the street.  Seating was quick and the four of us sat outside on the side of what used to be a house (or it looks that way).  They had a buffet that day at a very high price of $16 per person.  My son went to pick up a plate only to find that it had butter all over the bottom of it.  When I got to the scrambled eggs they were gone and took some time to replace so I skipped it.  The bacon tasted too greasy and the sausage link was rubbery.  Here is where I lost my appetite, my coffee cup had a lipstick mark on it.  I immediately complained but found only an apology and was still charged for the cup at $2.50.
I feel as if they had no quality control on cleanliness and I would advise anyone visiting to ask for their health department grade.  It has a nice laid back ambiance but for a new restaurant I hope they read this review and take a serious look at their pricing and back room operations.
Fantastic restaurant. Service was great. Food was excellent. Their happy hour from 3-7 is great. 3.00 entree's.  Everything from a 1/2 pound burger to margherita flat bread pizza is just 3.00.  

Amazing appetizer is the shrimp and eggplant in black peppercorn sauce.
I love the desserts and their breads.. :)
No wonder there is a line here on saturdays.....this is only one of the two breakfast places I like in the Phoenix area. Very friendly staff and good service. Inside is small though. Try the two buttermilk pancakes...mmm. bacon is done right....nice and crispy. The eggs seems to be a local item? Very good as well. I think the chicken fried steak could have being better....I suggest switching off the meat for grass fed one....as it will give it more flavor. Definitely coming back.
Excellent Pho. #11 is great. Clean place with great service. Entrees are reasonability priced. Good all around family or date night stop.
I went here awhile back to get a full set put on.  Upon entering the place looked nice enough, just like any other cheaper nail salon out there.  They told me I could get right in but I ended up waiting for about 10 minutes.  Not uncommon, I know they didn't want to give me a waiting time and possibly lose my business.  I was put with one technician who began putting the acrylic on.  I then had a question about a glitter tip nail, and the man (I believe he is the owner) told me to go pick from his collection.  Upon looking them over, I decided against it but they had already given my technician to someone else!  I guess because she was unable to do glitter?  So I had to wait an additional 10 minutes for someone else to finish my nails, and it ended up being the owner.  He was nice enough but extremely rough in filing my nails.  I thought my fingers were going to break off!  I was very pleased with the end results, however, and the nails have not chipped or broken off.  I have another nail salon I like to go to, but this one may be added to the rotation.
The good: nice place, nice service. nice experience. 
As all have mentioned before, interesting and delicious wine selections and bruschetta to die for [I am a fan of the proscuitto/fig/marscarpone and the smoked salmon]. Knowledgeable and friendly staff. 

The bad: okay, the not-so-good...hideous parking [but there's a $3 valet] and really loud. Interesting vibe and a mixed crowd. Would bet its great when the weather cools down and patio seating is more appealing that the current August sauna. 

All in all, I'd go back, eat. drink. eat some more.
I've always been a fan of Claim Jumper. Someone called it Cracker Barrel on steroids and I laughed so hard because that's exactly what you will experience.

Their food is amazing. That isn't an argument at all. Be prepared to have leftovers that will last you until the next rainy season, seriously. The prices are really expensive because you're not buying a meal, you're investing in a series of meals. 

My problem the last time I came here was the service. The waitress was kind of rude and kept giving us dirty looks. Then when the food came out my mashed potatoes had gravy on them. The menu didn't say they came with gravy and she never asked me if I wanted gravy. I am physically incapable of eating gravy. Is it just me or is gravy the kind of thing you're supposed to ask if someone wants before just assuming? If it had been on the menu I would have asked for none. I was really sad about this because I love their mashed potatoes. 

My mom ordered a piece of chocolate cake the size of a whale. I was both terrified and astounded by this beast. I don't eat chocolate but they all said it was great. I'll have to believe them.

I wish I could pick 3.5 but whatever.
I would give this place at least 3.5 stars but they are a sold 3, not convinced they are ready for me to round up to a 4 just yet. 

As I leave my office for my typically late (130-2p) lunch, I decided I was craving a sandwich, after seeing the latest @sammich_es post on twitter. Knowing I would be hard pressed to get a true "sammich"around here I began my journey.  
I had promised to give the Gyro at Coney Island another shot (they offer a $7.55 meal deal, hard to beat).  But I had also seen that this place [Spoonz] had opened up relatively recently and I am always one to try something new and spread my "wealth" around. 

They have a few tables outside, which is nice because for the most part this section of the street is shaded during the heat of the day.  I walked inside and positioned myself to the right side of the counter to see what they offered.  
Their menu is simple but with a good variety, coffee drinks, teas, sandwiches, soupsand salads.  You can order one of their sandwich or salad creations or design your own from a list of options.  They also had a thick quiche in the fridge case and some yummy looking pastries.  
Finally deciding on the Country ham panini with ginger mango chutney, tomato and swiss on multi grain bread, $6.95 plus tax, no chips...are they extra? I grabbed a seat in the colorful, relatively small diner and waited.  

It didn't take long. I picked up my sandwich.  It was toasted, and generously filled with ham and the mango chutney was just right and complemented the ham quite well. I don't recall tomato and the cheese was one thin slice relative to the amount of ham.  But hey I guess I don't really need much more cheese than that anyway.  

The service was no frills, no hello's upon entry, no "Dolores your order's ready.", even though they took my name, but they did say Thank you as I grabbed a menu and left, that counts.
Way overpriced. Mustard salmon is weird and I generally love mustard. Service has been horrendous/rude at times. Desserts are so-so ... Go to Cheesecake Factory. Also, twice baked potato that waitress recommended was way overcooked and flavorless.
You forgot to put in my food order, or you forgot to apologize for the mistake, either way I haven't forgotten to write you a negative review.

If I could give 2.5 stars I would because the person next to me got their sushi on a boat which looked really cool, and deserves .5 stars.
I started Orangetheory Fitness -- PV on August 8th, 2012 and I have lost 21 pounds so far and I am still going.  It is not only the best workout in the country it is the team that makes the difference.  The staff and trainers are helpful, patient  and motivanal with nutrition and exercise.  I was in the worst shape I have ever been and the heaviest I have ever been and I now feel confident that I can continue this journey and finally make the lifestyle changes that I need to make.  There is a mix of all fitness levels in the classes and the trainers will help you modify to make it work for YOU!!  You will be amazed at how strong you will get and how your body will change.  It does work if you listen to what they are saying and use them as a guide for nutrition as well.  

I just want to say THANK YOU to EVERYONE at Orangetheory Fitness -- Paradise Valley for helping me change my life for the better.
first time i ate here, they gave me chicken when i ordered beef. i had taken it to go so nothing i could do.

just ate here again for lunch, now i feel . . . kinda high or drunk or something. almost hallucinogenic . . . and not in a good way. though the toilet did just help me feel better.
Weekend lunch with friends.
Takes a while to make the food.
Pricey.

*Avoid the calzone*
Worst calzone ever.
The food and service are both fine here, but I've experienced better. I love love love that this is so close to my house. My husband and I walk over there a lot, usually later at night to enjoy the late night happy hour. The atmosphere of the place is intriguing to me. I don't know if I love it or hate it. It is dark, and oh Lawdy those bathrooms are atrocious. Worse than any I have ever encountered, not exaggerating. I want to love this place even more since it's so close, but I'm just not feelin it yet. It is fun to go out there, but the place itself is just okay to me. I am not a big fan of beer, but my husband is constantly ordering different beers and it makes him happy so I guess I'm happy too. Except for that one time he bought an $18 bottle of beer and nobody warned him it would cost that much. That was no fun and I feel like somebody should have mentioned that it was so costly since they recommended it. For shame. But yeah, I like it here and I will continue to come back on a fairly regular basis for sure.
Wanted to go to a gastropub, and ended up here.

This is a really nice place inside.  Comfortable seating of all types.  A big bar.  The kitchen is wide open for all to see.  The restrooms are clean and nice, too.

We ordered;  triple fried duck fries (excellent fries), chicken liver mousse (this was absolutely excellent - could not stop eating), bone marrow (very good flavor),  candied pork belly (quite good).

Thoruoughly enjoyed my experience here.  The service was excellent.

Also tried 3 of their tasy signature drinks; maple glazed old fashioned, frozen 'rita, and another.

A great place to dine!
This is a great pizza place. Whether we are dinning in or getting the pizza to go, I have never been disappointed. They have nice thick crusted pizza; the toppings are always spilling off the sides (which is delicious, a ton of pizza places skim you on toppings) and the prices are not too bad! Their salads and wings are also mmm mmmm good. Staff is always polite and professional! Oh and one last surprise, they have Gluten Free pizza for any of you that unfortunately suffer from Celiac! Yay! Im a fan indeed!
This place has decent sushi, nothing to drive far for but their happy hour is great and for some reason I love there chicken wings.
I'm so disappointed!  I really wanted the restaurant in this space to be a place I would frequent after work, since my office is right across the street.  I was so excited when I saw it was a Del Frisco's, because their steakhouse in Dallas is awesome!  But unfortunately, this location pales in comparison.  I'm really confused by all of the good reviews.  Here's my breakdown:

The Good - 
1. They have done a great job of updating the place since Houston's left.  It's really open, light and airy.

2. All of the servers and hostesses (there's A LOT of them) were really nice, which is always a plus in my book.

The Bad - 
1. It's extremely loud!  They have the music turned up really loudly in the restaurant, so you have a bunch of people trying to talk over the music and each other, so it just creates a VERY noisy lunchtime atmosphere.

2. The waitresses and hostesses wear really short skirts and booty shorts.  I couldn't tell if I was at nice, high-end restaurant, or a gentlemen's club.  In addition to their skimpy skirts/shorts, some of them had on fish net stockings, and one was even wearing tall leather boots!  Sweetie, it's 108 degrees outside -- time to put the boots up!  Short skirts/shorts + black stockings/fish nets + pumps/boots -- it was just all a little too much for lunch.  

3. Having a booth right next to the hostess stand is a BAD idea!  It was constantly loud, distracting and with people standing over our table (including the hostesses).

4. Last, but certainly not least, the food was mediocre at best!  I ordered the Ahi Tuna Salad and was really disappointed with the taste.  It had only about 5 pieces of tuna, and tiny bits of mangos diced up in the middle of a huge salad.  The dressing wasn't very tasty either.  Actually, I used to order the same salad from Houston's all the time, and the Houston's salad definitely has this one beat!

All in all, a very disappointing visit!  It's just okay, not great, not even good, just okay.  I would really give 2.5 stars if I could, but I rounded up because the staff is so nice.
Although it is not my favorite Mexican restaurant in the valley, Los Olivos is definitely my first choice for Mexican food in Old Town Scottsdale. The building itself has unique architecture (although it would be nice if they didn't need a sign that asks people not to climb on it) and according to the menu, a great deal of history. The location is also great, being in close proximity to Old Town Shopping and the Scottsdale Civic Center Mall. Further, the first time I went to Los Olivos, there was a mariachi band playing in the dining room.

What I am forgetting in this review... oh yes... food!

The meal starts with two varieties of salsa and a basket of warm tortilla chips. I was pleased to find that the hot salsa was actually hot. I've tried the enchiladas and the burro (which is definitely not a burrito) and while both were tasty, I didn't find either to be anything special. One thing that did stand out to me was the Mexican style rice served with both dishes. I can't think of any better way to describe it than to say they got it "right". I could go on about the number of franchised Mexican and southwestern restaurants I've been to that screw up this basic side.

The prices and portions are reasonable, although with a group of five, all wanting to pay with plastic, it was frustrating that they weren't willing to split the check (and there was a sign posted stating this).
Lovely owner...
Great staff, cheap prices and healthy choices!
Love love love!!!
Okay.. so I'm one of those people who loves taking a chance and trying grand openings. Humble Pie is one of this places Ive been waiting for since I read about it a year and a half ago. So today was their first public opening so with a spray of cologne and some plastic we were on our way!

Let me tell you up front, this place is going to be packed for a while. We arrive around 6:30 pm and not a table to be had so we opted to sit at the bar. We had a pretty good vantage of the whole place.. from the warming boxes at the front to the wine cellar on the far part of the restaurant (I want one of those!). The space looks like it's not quite finished but you can tell and feel that the space is going to be very comfortable. 

To start they offer wine flights, oh yeah honey.. thats what I'm talking about! Nothing like a nice heady wine buzz to get things started. Pouring over the menu was pretty easy.. there are a handful of apps, salads and pizza's. I started with the Grilled Steak Salad.. this salad is very good though the addition of some cheese would sent it over the top! We also ordered the Humble Caprese.. you know when your toes start to curl when you're about to uh, uhm.. well, ya know.. its sort of like that! Super creamy mozzarella, roasted cherry tomatoes on the vine.. it doesn't get much better, simple, clean and flavorful.

Pizza's.. Schreiners Sicilian Sausage with roasted Fennel.. Wild Mushrooms and Pancetta.. to start the crust.. light, slightly crisp, chewy, slightly salty in a good way.. for me, the crust here was nothing short of perfect.. it held the ample toppings nicely and of a nice chew and balance with the flavors of the topping. Sausage and Fennel was great plus nothing like sourcing locally! The Mushroom and Pancetta was a nice balance of earthy mushroom varieties and crispy salty pancetta. The mozzerella on the pizza's was the same heavenly pillow used on the Caprese.. beware, addictive!

We also received a mistake pizza of Pepperoni Pizza.. apparently we were in the right place at the right time since the guy next to us liked his mistake pizza (no sauce) so we were happy to take it off the waiters hands!  I'm not a fan of pepperoni, usually it's greasy limp and fatty. The pepperoni was crisp and well, I could eat one of these for breakfast!  I'm glad that kitchen had a few kinks to work out, this was a great mistake.

On to the desserts.. we tried the Olive Oil Gelato as well as the Fresh Berry Crostada. Having had Olive Oil Gelato at a place in LA called Mozza I was hoping that Humble's version would be better. It didn't disappoint! A very light taste of good olive oil surrounded in a creamy well textured gelato.. I would order this one over and over again! The Crustada was well done and since berries are in season this made for a nice treat.

So me and the Mister very much liked this place and want to fall in love.. so right now we are in the infatuation period.. we went ahead and made a reservation for tomorrow night.. I have plans on chowing down a Shrimp, Barrata pizza and or course, that marvelous pepperoni.
We all LOVE Thursdays with Debbie at the bar!  She is a keeper!
I'm sold...  I'm smitten...  I'm all in...  I'm coming back for more...  I'm blown away...  I'm debating a return for dinner tomorrow night.  

Ambiance = B+
Atmosphere = A
Bar/Beverages = A-
Food = A+
Overall = A

Possibly the best pizza I've ever had.
I'm no Indian food expert but I thought this place was pretty good. Enough meat and vegetarian variety to sample different flavors. Naan is brought out fresh to your table, but they were kind of slow with that and it was inconvenient to wait. Lunch buffet price was great and you can definitely walk away full.
I have been here many times because it's right by my work and convenient to go at lunch, but I'm not going anymore - it's just not worth it. 

if you have to wait, there is no where to sit or stand basically. everyone is packed in there like sardines. I also don't like how the nail technicians try to push all th extra services onto you when doing the pedi

on the last pedicure I got from them, my pinky toe was totally messed up and after about 2 weeks, my toe nails began to turn yellow (the polish that is). I hadn't been hanging out in the sun or anythign so there's no reason it should have done that. once I had the polish removed (somewhere else), my nails were fine, so it was definitely their polish. 

in addition, my friend had a gel manicure here and it chipped within minutes of leaving.

I'm done giving this place chances
One of the few Chinese places I actually like to eat at.  The portions are not the most generous, but they are prepared with thought and care.  It's not the prettiest place, (but what chinese place really is).  It is clean and airy.  Best if you can go with a large group of friends and split a big meal. As usual it is in a strip mall, but overall, great food in a so so location.
I'm a fan of any place that has Rocky Road and U-No bars! The prices seem reasonable, and the staff is really friendly and helpful.  

What's it lacking? Heck, I dunno. I was looking for dark chocolate with Macademias- I would have freaked if they carried the Hawaiian Host Dark Chocolate and Macs (far better than the better known Mauna Loa brand), but alas, no.   I'd have settled for Dark Chocolate with Hazelnuts. Didn't see them, but they have a LOT of "Euro Chocolate"- they may have it. 

If the guy had a taffy pulling machine in the window, it would be a big crowd pleaser, but I think it'd take up too much room. I bet the permitting would be tough too.  Better to use the space for.... candy! 

Come on in, find a favorite, throw down your coin, unwrap, and smile.
2nd time around was much much better.  We had a great time, a great meal and service was spot on.  Cookies on the way out are awesome! I'll go back!
Unbelievable. Sure they CAN place tax ON TOP of the beer price, although that doesn't seem wise from a presentation standpoint. But when you order a beer, then pay cash for it ($4.37 in total, I gave her a $10), and the server brings you back five dollars....wait a second, there was a simple mistake. She short changed me by accident... Then you ask about the remaining 63 cents in change, joking, laughing at was clearly a simple and honest mistake on her part... "We don't carry change" she says. Excuse me, is this a joke? Nope, not at WOB, and not only that, they round in their favor. I think most people would call that theft. So you ask for the manager, question him on the policy, never raise your voice, use no profanity and certainly never threaten him...then he says he'll have security escort you out because you are upset. OH MY GOD! He said they were not obligated to give exact change. What The!?

So I talk to corporate, they fall all over themselves to apologize and send me a $25 comp, but I told them I'm never coming back and they needed to know why. I work in the industry, and have forever. I'd lose my job, and rightly so, if I ever treated a guest this way, and I'd never work with a place that has this kind of mind set. This is all fact, this actually happened exactly as described, its not sci fi or fantasy, it is not opinion or interpretation. It just blew me away. With all that Mill Ave has to offer, WOB is a stain in the area and does not deserve anyone's patronage.
Wednesday nights are a must go ! I absolutely love this place ! It's super cool inside , modern nice ! The food is very yummy I loved it and the dancers complete the night ! Dim lighting is perfect, not too dark :)
Love the atmosphere, what a quaint cool dive.  Love the location, I mean, who would of thought that a cool little coffee shop would be located in such an area.

I had an Americano and it did not taste great but gave me the morning jolt I needed.  I'm willing to come back and try again.

You should really stop in yourself and check it out.
A really interesting cultural experience that would be lost on most people driving by. It is tiny and drab outside.  Who knew? Thanks, Yelp, and thanks Max A for making me laugh and want to try this place.

Walking in the door you will find yourself transported to another world.  Authentic music, cute European décor, and a Bosnian hostess/waitress/owner who will bend over backwards to make sure you are pleased.

Bosnian cuisine appears to be a blending of Eastern European and Middle Eastern culture (as is their music).  The items on this small menu were mostly simple fare, like simple hearty soups, sausage sandwiches, and chicken dishes.

First of all, I command you to eat the bread that comes with your meal. It is probably one of the finest, freshest, lightest, butteriest you could ever hope to sink your teeth into.  It is similar in texture to a beautifully executed croissant. A bowl of soup with a basket of that bread (well maybe two baskets) and I could die with a smile on my face.

The bowl of soup we had was a hearty bean soup, with large chunks of meat, most likely the sausage they use in their sandwiches. Yum.  I would love to try them all. $5 a bowl.

The sandwich, cevapi, is huge, with a multitude of little rolled sausages (seasoned beef + lamb) in the middle of that wonderful bread. It came with raw onion, sour cream and a red bell pepper sauce on the side. It is one heck of a sandwich. You might want to share! $8 gets you the large one.

The cabbage rolls were uncommonly good. Filled with seasoned meat and rice, then rolled in cabbage leaves, a serving consisted of three, baked in a light yet tangy sauce that appeared to have some vinegar and paprika.  Very flavorful, very filling. The dish was accompanied with a side of excellent mashed potatoes topped with sour cream. $5

Mr. B could not take his eyes off the little deli case.  Filled with tubes of imported sausages, some fresh, some dry, and most importantly, darkly smoked steaks. We asked about tasting the smoked meat, and she brought us a small plate with some very thin slices to taste. Really beautiful, tender but firm meat like a lovely prosciutto, a charcuterie's dream. We had to have some to bring home. A pound cost us $16 and was already shrink wrapped. But what will I do when we run out?

And here is where I must stop.  Only because they had just finished making a fresh batch of baklava and it was way too hot to cut yet.  She apologized profusely. I was broken hearted.  Not that I really needed it but.....

A delightful place for a culinary adventure, but no frills. Thanks for a lovely experience.
Another great Kimpton hotel. Service is top notch. Big pools and 2 hot tubs are a plus
The house is small, dark and cozy.

At Dicks Hideaway it's all about food heritage and breakfast served late in the day.  For my late lunch I had a draft hoegaarden 6. And the Richardson's combination plate with one jalapeño benedict and two chicken enchiladas with green chili, asparagus with hollandaise 15.

The guys and gals are super duper friendly and my meal was excellent. I have learned the original Richardson's of New Mexico will be opening up in about three weeks. Can't wait to see the new shack.

Richardsons family of restaurants, a cooking style that is notably divergent and takes a unique approach to Southwestern cuisine.
Love this place. Even though it's stalking me. I used to go to the Tempe location when I was an ASU student. My office now is near Scottsdale and Shea so Sabuddy closed its Tempe location and moved up here as well. Psycho!

Seriously though, the food is great especially if you want a light but delicious lunch. Their tasty lentil soup with a bit of hummus and pita bread is enough to keep me going for the rest of the day. The soup is probably one of my favorite soups in the Valley.

A good buddy of mine is Israeli and he's taught me a few words in Hebrew, so I try and impress the waitresses with an occasional "toda" (thanks) or something. It never works.
I've only been to one other Sweet Tomatoes and this one is above par to the usual one we go to.  I like their layout and tables, the food is delicious as usual and they  just seem to be run better.  If we are in the area, I'd definitely come here again.  YUM!
They say there is nothing new under the sun.  Considering we have lots and lots of sun here in Phoenix, and even more sub shops than days of sunshine, what's one more sub restaurant?

Well, I have to say that Port of Subs does it best.  They don't waste their time with cute and gimmicky bread flavors.  They only have white, wheat, and sourdough.  And this is real bread, with some texture and flavor, not some lifeless excuse for generic Wonder Bread.  And you can get a 2 foot sub here, which I can have split up for the whole family.  Their staff is so friendly here, that they will cut it into as many slices as you want, which is great for my kids.  The manager at this location is particularly good.  He goes the extra mile to make sure you get your food how you want it, and he makes you feel welcome from the beginning to the end of your experience.

So you ask, "big deal, they have a 2 foot sub here - what really makes them different?"  All meats and cheeses are sliced to order so you know where it comes from and it's not sitting there drying, oxidizing, and degrading all day while sitting out.  This is a huge difference from other places.  The other huge difference is that their bags of chips are bigger, and their standard drink sizes are bigger than any other sandwich place, not to mention the variety of drinks and chips are superior.
We were in Scottsdale and starving.... looked on Yelp for something yummy...   RF is located in an office park where Chapperal and Scottsdale cross.   We arrived around 6 PM on a Sunday evening.... they were having Happy hour until 10 PM in the Bar Area!  YEAH!  The only problem was finding our own seat among all of the other hawkers trying to get the next available table... the wait staff and hostesses do not seat people in the bar area it is fend for yourself!   We got a table after about a 15 min wait--- but I hated that 15 min because I felt like a stalker!  Anyway...the food was great!   My fiance and i shared the Big A** Burger and the Green Chili... I also had the huckleberry margarita... we also shared the Huckleberry Bread Pudding for dessert... everything was yum-o!  We also enjoyed conversations with some older couple who sat next to us and shared all of their fav happy hour places!   Our server was also great:)    We will try it again in the future for sure!
I do love this place but no...sorry....there is not a happy hour :(
Its not a fav of mine but it hits the spot when I would like to pay a little extra for a pizza to support the family biz. I don't have very much to say about the service, I think ordering four pizzas was over whelming for the staff.   I'll have to try the Great white Alfredo pizza thanks (lisa F. for the review.  I might just be a IL person and prefer the deep dish.  Its hard to deny the fresh ingredients and dedication to a classic family owned restaurant no, flashy Scottsdale tricks here.
Souvlaki plate is amazing!!

That's all I was going to say, it said it all.
Just in case you want more...

The Falafel Pita, Chicken Pita and Dolmas are all all great!

:-)
I love this airport. Maybe its because i am from AZ. maybe it's because i live in Denver with the crappiest airport. MAYBE...it's because of Jimmy Eat World's "Goodbye Sky Harbor". I haven't been back here in 7 months, but so nice that the sky train to the light rail is up and running. I also love the mini versions of local restaurants. Can't wait for Lola Coffee to open!
Misconception 1: if my great grandmother were still alive and liked to throw back 32oz draughts, this would be her hangout. Misconception 2: a margarita the size of an iPhone won't do anything to me, even if the "limit 3" is some sort of warning. Holy crap! Yes, based upon original scanning of the bar demographics I thought I stumbled upon Shady Pines happy hour, but eventually the crowd evened out and hey - those seniors were slamming the drinks. Me, on the other hand, was struggling with the Goldie-ritas. I deemed them small, but mighty. Not even the buffalo chicken foccacia could soak up enough alcohol to keep me from feeling tipsy. As I headed to my next event I pondered "how can I hang with the Golden Girls and be FUBARd by 5:30"?!
We went for our first trip this morning. When we drove by at about 9:45 a.m. it looked abandoned. So we were not sure if it was still operating. After waiting for a few minutes a few folks started arriving so we figured it will open soon. When it opened we were really surprised how many tables it held as it looks like it might fit three at best. Now mind you it is not huge, but larger than it looks. There were five of us and we fit well. We were greeted by a very nice young lady. In fact I would say this place has the cutest staff around. What I mean by that is they were all smiling friendly adorable folks.
We ordered our food and were attended to for drinks. Very large mason jars are used for the drinks and filled to the top. The food came. Four of us chicken and waffles and one had the rice and gizzards with gravy. We all loved the chicken, very tasty and quite crispy. Three of us liked the waffles, I being the dissenter. There was nothing wrong with them, it is just personal taste. I did not like the cinnamon added. We all took a bite of the rice and gizzards. Really good flavour with wonderful gravy. A good time had by all.
My son wanted breakfast, but we had lunch. I actually enjoyed what I ate, and didnt feel stuffed like a pig when I left. 

Ill return eventually.
I love this place! They don't have it on the menu any more but one of my favorite things you can still order is Mediterranean style calamari. The gator appetizer has the best sauce too. My favorite experience there was when they had a live jazz band playing. It's very noisy and crowded and usually you have to wait for a table but it's SO worth it if you like seafood.
BBQ has to be one of my favorite foods and when a co worker suggested this place I was all for it.  Living on the west side it was quite the drive but being that I am a BBQ fanatic I had to see what this was all about.  

First off Lucille's has a good location.  Its located by Dave and Buster in the Tempe Marketplace.  The look of the place is gimmicky but in a Famous Dave's kinda way.  They have old school signs, mason jars to drink out of, and all the little fake things to make you seem like you have gone to Memphis or where ever they are trying to transport you.

The service was absolutely awful.  It took way to long to get drinks and even longer to get refills.  Attitude the whole time.  Here is a tip if you want a good tip bust your butt.  Then you will have more money to pay for your tuition (half the staff is college kids).  And do not roll your eyes when I don't want to try your suggestions.  They tell you they smoke all their meats in house im not impressed.  

Now onto the most important part the BBQ.  We had the brisket,half chicken and rib tips with a side of greens and sweet potato fries. 

The chicken was good.  It had a smoke on it and was tender not real complaints.  The portion size was good.

Brisket was dry and you couldn't cut it with a fork.  That tough.  Maybe over smoked?  Portion size tiny.  4 strips maybe 3 or 4 inches long.

Rib Tips were dry and covered in sauce.  Hardly any meat on them.  Most places in the valley load you up on Rib Tips when you order they are a cheap meat.  But not this place.  You get a scoop full.  Boo.

Collard greens were disgusting.  Cooked in some weird pork parts and they were bitter.  Greens are not supposed to be bitter if cooked right!

Sweet Potato Fries.  You can't really mess these up they probably came frozen.  So I would recommend these over regular fries.

The starter of a biscuit with sugar on top was just weird.  WEIRD WEIRD WEIRD.  And the biscuit wasn't even warm enough to melt the sugar I mean apple butter. 

One last thing the house and spicy BBQ sauce's main ingredients are CORN SYRUP thats how they thicken it! seriously that should tell you something.

Overall two thumbs down.  Stay away there are plenty of other great BBQ spots in the valley.
The pancakes would be a 5, but the breakfast burrio would be a 3 and the breakfast torta a 4 so I averaged it out to a 4 star.  A very cute little place and you have to try the pancakes for breakfast.  You can order just 1 if you want, perfect for those of you with something else in mind but still have to try the 5 star highly recommended pancakes!!!!
Everything I dreamed and more.  Get the fro-yo on your way out.
Best Japanese restaurant in the Valley.  The service and food are always impeccable.
We had been wanting to come to this location and try it for quite awhile.
Too bad we came the night we did, because, we were not impressed at all. 
Food was not hot when it came out, our Server did not know any thing about the Tea that they carried. ,She had to be asked to refill our drinks more than once.

It just was not a pleasant experience. We so like the one in Chandler so much better.
I do not think that we will return to this location. Maybe it was not a good day for them. But, now that I have tried it ,I cannot ever see a reason to return.
This place was so weird!  I had heard good things from friends (and other Yelpers) but I was so disappointed!

My fella and I went for lunch on a Saturday afternoon and were the only customers there (!?).  We were shown to a table by a unfriendly gentleman who did not smile or greet us in any way. 

He returned to take our order, gave us a cold glare to tell us that he disapproved of our choices, and then wandered off to the kitchen.  We could hear him yelling at the cook to "make sure to make my vegetarian lasagna WITHOUT meat in it"... yeah, thanks, I would appreciate that.  Eventually he brought us our food, scowled, and left us alone for the rest of our meal.  What was up with this old man?  Who ran over his puppy?

Also, someone was fiddling with the music in the place, eventually deciding we should all listen to hip-hop.  :|

The food was tasty, but the experience ruined it.  I won't be coming back anytime soon.
I agree with the others who are commenting that the food quality has diminished substantially.

For years, this was one of our favorite spots to hit.  The food was always great, and the only problem with the pie, was having to pick just one flavor.  lol

I went about a month ago with a friend from out of town.  I went off the reservation (I normally get a burger or ribs) and ordered the fried chicken.  The chicken pieces were micro-mini.  The leg looked like a wing drumette.  I'm not sure what kind of bird this came off of, but it's not anything you'd find soon in Safeway.  What was worse, was that it was entirely raw.  Like, visibly pink and completely cold in the middle.  I let the server know, and she was very sweet about having it refired.  The green beans were straight out of a tin can, and so mushy, you had to scoop them, rather than stab with a fork.  She did remove the cost from the check (without us even asking), even though she did return 10 minutes later with a new plate of chicken.  

The fries are always pretty consistently good here.  :)

The pie was OK.  We had both the rhubarb crumb (a la mode), and the chocolate cream.  The rhubarb was so undercooked, it wasn't even recognizable as pie.  More like cobbler.  With a very wet and underdone crust.  The ice cream had half-melted before making it to our table, so the plate was one flat, gooey mess.  The taste was good (if you don't mind scooping your pie), but it didn't resemble the old pie from Rock Springs. The chocolate cream was definitely better.

Another reviewer said the place had recently changed hands.  Well, if that's the case, then the new dining experience makes sense.  It now sucks.  I truly hope the new owners are reading the recent reviews, and seeing how they are seriously missing the mark with the food quality.  This place is too iconic to fail like this.  Trying to cut food costs with sub-par product, and reduce labor by hiring people who don't know how to cook (or bake) isn't going to make your business last.

Definitely disappointing, and I'll give them a whirl one more time in the coming months, in the hopes that things improve.
This place is amazing!  Genuine Szechuan specialties, virtually unavailable in most of AZ.  The authenticity is unmatched, so don't be surprised by the heat level...traditional Szechuan food is loaded with chiles.

Try the cumin beef, or the water-boiled dishes.  Go for the Szechuan dumplings in their spicy sauce, and you'll never see pot stickers the same way again.  Be adventurous.  

If you want Panda Express, go to Panda Express.  Don't go to a real Szechuan place and order orange chicken.  it's like going to a great Italian restaurant, ordering the chicken parmesan, and complaining about the lack of breading.
So, not sure if was just what I ate but I didn't think it was great.  I had a lunch meeting and decided to try their falafel pita.  For $6 I thought it would have a side or something, but it was limpy lettuce, hardly any sauce, burnt falafel and a huge pita..it was ok but not great at all.  Others had the philly chicken pita and the garlic potatoes which looked really good but for what I had and paid, totally not worth it. Service was good and friendly and it only took about 10 minutes to be seated inside however, we had an annoying fly lingering around our table the entire time.   Since service was good, I will have to try the place again to see what people are really raving about!
Want your froyo with retro hipster flare? This is the froyo for people who think froyo was better before it got popular, and who are now eating their froyo ironically. You may feel out of place if you don't have a Smith Brothers-style beard and some plaid.

It's perfectly nice froyo. I come here to get variants on caramel or cheesecake flavors, as it always has at least one (and not a huge range of flavors otherwise), with caramel sauce and candied pecans. It's the only froyo place where I voluntarily eat inside, as it has hipster ambient music.
Awesome pizza.  Great prices.  Super attentive service, team approach.  Had the Casonova Pizza--Ricotta, arugula, and prosciutto.   Don't pass up dessets and pitchers of good beer.   Definitely coming back.  Zach our waiter was the best by the way.
Thank you to all the staff at Babbo Italian Eatery!  The catered meal on Thursday, March 7 was a HIT!!!   On time and just as we ordered.  Both the Mushroom Asparagus pasta and the Pasta Rustico were scraped from the bottom of the pan.  The Spring Mix salad (my personal favorite) and Chopped Chicken salad were enjoyed by my group, and then shared with those who were lucky enough to find a little left. And add it fit into our restricted budget.  I have already been asked to put you on our list of "keepers" for future functions.
Two words.... Adult Milkshake.

They use real ice cream in their milkshakes. My favorite is Oreo cookie with chocolate vodka. I only trust them to make them. And I know how much of a pain in the butt that they are to make. In the time it takes to make one shake they could serve 20 regular tap beverages. I thank you teakwoods.  Whenever I need a treat (and it's only a few times a year) this is it. 

The lavosh is also amazing here. I always pick their daily special. Last one I had was a Tuscan veggie lavosh with white sauce. So yummy, and perfectly portioned when shared.  Oh and the boyfriend and I shared nachos a while back with chili on top. Chili nachos... drool!  I wish I could have treats like this more often, but it is probably a good thing we are only here one every few months. It's not the closest place to us but we always seem to end up here all gross (after moving, yard work, painting, house work etc.) I like that it's casual and really laid back. Free peanuts are the best!
As promised we tried The Burger Joint again. This time I had the Philly Cheese Steak and while it was good it was ruined by canned mushrooms. Had it had fresh mushrooms I would have given it four stars.  The same complaints the second visit...lackluster fries and canned mushrooms. Onion rings were good and my wife liked her cheeseburger.
The food we ordered was really good. It's not super authentic or anything but definitely a lot better than other Mexican-American places in Phoenix. Our server, Matt, was super polite and attentive. 

Side note: Our early dinner entertainment was provided by the table behind us. The woman was explaining, (practically yelling) to the man that she was with, that she steals from the adult bookstore that she works for (and that they should expect her to) because she isn't paid well enough. Oh, okay. Then she offered to steal some porn for him and asked his preference. After first choosing heavier white ladies, he changed his mind to "blue, green, whatever..." After they left, people on the other side of us started talking about cysts and boils! Then someone did the whole horn nose blow routine. It blows my mind that people still (in 2013!) don't realize that nose-blowing is meant for the restroom while in a restaurant. How many comedians have to talk about it publicly before it reaches everyone? Anyhow, I'm not holding any of this stuff against the restaurant, I just felt compelled to share.
Love this place. We lunch here at least once a week. Clean, friendly, and great burritos and fish tacos.
Zipp's has some of the best bar food in the Valley. They have a really good burger menu, with some interesting options. All of their appetizers are good, and the focaccias are great. One word of warning if you order one, they're not the traditional sandwiches, but more like a wrap made out of focaccia. It sounds strange, and you'll give it an odd look the first time you see one, but trust me, it's good. 

There's a great outdoor patio assuming you're there on a night that isn't hot. They have plenty of TV's set up around the place, but you don't have a good view of all of them, so Zipps isn't really the kind of sports bar you'd want to go to see all the games. It's more of Monday Night Football spot, it's better to go if there's only one or two big games going on.
Decent customer service, good sushi, great prices!  All you can eat sushi is a great deal.  Thanks
This place has great sales pitches and good on customer service until you sign on the dotted line. After that it is all downhill from there!
They have horrible customer service and are not willing to work with you or give any leway on returning the items. If you decide to rent something from them for an event make sure you only rent one because the items they will send don't match! Our event was on a Sunday so when we saw the items didn't match there was nothing we could do because they were closed. The company took no ownership or responsibility for this issue and didn't seem to care. 
Do not recommend them at all! Besides, their prices are really not very good. We founf it cheaper to purchase a chocolate fountain than to rent one from them. Party City, sam's Club and Costco are all cheaper. Do not use this company.
Hoodlums is a nicely organized store with a listening station, a place for local bands to set up and a decent selection of vinyl.

The staff will frequently tell you that if the store doesn't have what you're looking for, it can be ordered. 

New CDs are set up alphabetically with used CDs sorted semi-alphabetically above the new ones. You could be in there a long time trying to find what you want though. CDs are in multiple places and prices seem to differ from the last time you were there. 

The listening station is rarely crowded and staff  is usually quick to look something up for you. 

The selection could be far better on alternative music and Hoodlums doesn't pay much for used CDs.

This place does support local bands though and even puts on events like "HoodStock" to raise money for causes.
I got my regular - Big Burrito Especial - Chicken.  Yummy.  I swear they use different tortillas here, it was really good.  I like staring at the fish in the tank.
Restaurant heaven exists in Scottsdale! Really, it does! There is a restaurant that charges fair prices and provides exceptional service, ambiance and delicious food all in one visit! I am swinging from the rafters at this discovery.

The Painted Horse is located on the corner of Alma School and Dynamite in NORTH Scottsdale. It is way far North, but it's totally worth the drive. We made reservations for 7:30pm on a Friday night and were happy to find a full restaurant and bar area (typically a sign of a good restaurant). The restaurant is on the smaller side (maybe 20 tables, plus outdoor seating), so the service is spectacular. We were seated at an intimate table right away. Our server came right over to take our drink orders and when I inquired about one particular wine, he said "you know what, let me get you a taste." Smart move. Maybe he just didn't know the answer, but at least he made an intelligent game time call rather than winging it.

We then chose the Dungeness Crab and calamari appetizers. Both were delicious and very, very fresh. The timing of the entire meal was perfect - leisurely but quick enough. I had a seafood ciopinno for my main course, and my husband had the pork. I don't even like pork, and I could have devoured his dish. It was mouth watering. My seafood ciopinno was very good as well - a solid dish. The broth was spicy but not overwhelming, and the grilled garlic bread for dipping was sinful. My glass of wine was the perfect temperature and tasted delicious throughout the meal. We had finally found a restaurant that "gets it!" We were thrilled.

We then tried the carrot cake for dessert, and it was tasty. It was thicker than I am used to, but it was quite good. The frosting was rich (you could just tell this was going straight to your hips), but it was worth every bite. The bill then came, and including tip, this meal only set us back $130. It was a very good price for 2 appetizers, 2 entrees, 2 glasses of wine, dessert and tip. The bar area has plasma TVs with sports games playing, so it's got kind of a neighborhood casual upscale feel. The crowd was older (again, we were practically in Cave Creek), but that actually comforts me. I find that older couples have much more discerning taste than the materialistic beautiful people eating at Sapporo and other such sorry excuses for a restaurant.

I highly, highly recommend The Painted Horse. I am dying to know what someone else thinks....whether it was as quaint and fun as we felt it was or if we've just been so disappointed elsewhere in Arizona that we're jaded. Either way, we had an incredible time here.
Street tacos alone are worth it! Typical az patio bar that dos made the standard. Good drinks and food. Great atmosphere.
Another typical Scottsdale overhyped eatery.  Food wasn't as good as these rave reviews are making it out to be.  Food was overcooked, bacon was burnt, and buns were kind of lame. Portions were somewhat on the small side although for Scottsdale the pricing was inexpensive by Scottsdale standards.  Really strange beer pricing.  German imports and American microbrews were reasonably priced but the Belgian imports were marked up like they were liquid gold, twice what you would pay for the same beer at OHSO, Delux or Papago.  I was there on opening day so I'll leave my comments about service for another review after they have time to settle in.

Gave it another chance and service still hasn't improved.  Had to knock it down.
This In-n-Out is awesome because when I was here there were a lot of coeds in bikinis.  That has not been my typical In-n-Out experience so that was definitely a bonus.  I'm a big In-n-Out fan so what else is there to say?  

You can see all the In-n-Out Burgers I've eaten in 2010 in this blog entry:
http://pulp.orangephotography.com/genex/?cat=174
For primary teachers, this store has plenty of fun stuff that any teacher would love to buy (if they had endless amounts of money!)

But as a middle school teacher, this place is lacking.  I teach math, and the only poster I found was a perimeter & area poster.  The lady at the store told me that was all they had.

I tried to also find some new character education posters, but the only ones they had were geared towards 5 year olds with pictures of cartoon teddy bears.

I was also surprised that they didn't have any of the "motivational" type posters.

And why is this place so overpriced?

If I needed to buy post-it notes or markers, I would walk the 200 yards down to Wal-mart and buy them for probably half the price that Lakeshore sells them for.
I already have two favorite restaurants in Phoenix and this may become my third! The food is so delicious it makes addicts out of its consumers. Now, I'm no Italian food expert (I'm not an expert anything except maybe smartass) but I can't remember when I've had better than Aiello's. 

This eatery has everything going for it - the food, waitstaff, atmosphere, and who I assume is the owner - a jovial, and often times loud, older man presumably in his 60's. He obviously knows how to run a damn fine restaurant. Each time I've been to Aiello's he's out at least checking on each table, usually stopping by to chat, and often times delivers your bill along with a fun game of chance where the stakes are a free meal on the house! I love this guy - he's the proverbial cherry on top of a superb dining experience. 

I could go on about how every entree I've sampled has damn near redefined what I think I know about Italian cuisine, or I could extol upon the virtues of their attentive and pleasant waitstaff. But what you really need to know is that you're missing out if you've never been!    =P

With no hesitation, I'd award Aiello's 5 stars.
This place is good, period. I had the first skilled listed (the carnitas skillet?) which included eggs, potatoes, carnitas, chorizo, green chile salsa, montery jack cheese, and tortillas, salsa, and sour cream on the side. The portion was generous, as expected for the $9 price tag, but it was well worth it. Absolutely delicious, even the next morning (I love leftovers). My girlfriend had the cally eggs benedict which was also delicious and very enticing. It was a traditional eggs benny with avocado, tomato, hollandaise, and bacon (I believe). Very good, with a great side of country potatoes. 

The place was clean, pleasant, the service was good, and the food came out exceptionally fast. It's also pretty large; I was a little concerned about going there at 10 on a Sunday morning, but we were seated right away.  This could be because of the tucked away location, which is behind the home depot.  I wish we would have had room for some early afternoon dessert, because their homemade cheesecakes looked amazing. 

I originally gave this place 4 stars, but I don't have any complaints, the experience, service, and food was great, I don't think they could have done anything better, I just wish they had a location in central Phoenix!
What a delicious, delightful surprise! Our Scottsdale friends kept telling us we'd be having breakfast at their favorite restaurant, T.C. Eggington's, and now I know why they saved it for our last morning. Nothing else compares! 

Clean, cute cafe atmosphere (I loved the chicken wire on the menu!), a huge menu of possibilities (all unusual and yummy sounding), good service and home-baked goodness down to the English muffin. 

I ordered the O'Pear Grenache Omelette based on recommendations from my friends AND the waiter. Here's the description: "How sweet it is...A subtle mix of bosc pear slices, melted Havarti cheese, sliced almonds  and bacon offer you an extraordinary rich flavor you're never experienced."

They were right. And it was SO HUGE that I couldn't finish it...though I really wanted to! (Next time, I'll order the "reduced" size - two instead of three eggs. I didn't know I could...or that I should!)

Everyone at the table was happy with their order. My only regret is that I don't live close enough to try all of their omelettes...
Here I was thinking for some bizarre reason that their carne asada would be better than morenos or mi casita in chandler and boy was I wrong.  I had come here for (street tacos) carne asada tacos hoping I would find another joyous Mexican place I would be fond of.  Their carne asada had a very weird texture or lack of I should say with very little flavor or crispiness in the slightest its almost like they boiled it and threw it on the stove and swished it around til it got hot but not crisp obviously.

If their carne asada was amazing id be in heaven with how ginormous the size of those things are. I wish someone would have warned me that they are no where near street taco size they are like street tacos on steroids.  I am in love with the usual street tacos because my stomach will only allow a max of 3 in my stomach at a time.  The pico de gallo has a lot of minced jalapenos so beware. My spicy tolerance is slowly diminishing where I can no longer handle extreme heat like that. I do happen to like their red sauce though  it is spicy enough for me to handle to dip my not as spicy food into to add the heat with each bite.  

Not much to really say besides I wasted a lot of money for two tacos. So overpriced and the longest wait known to man for 2 tacos. 30 minutes for 2 tacos is crazy.  I understand you are busy but 30 minutes really?

I doubt ill ever return to this establishment.
UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT! Change for the better is on the horizon...
I have never eaten at a Rubio's before so have nothing to compare it to. I had their shrimp tacos and thought they were pretty good. The chips that came with them were kind of thick and not very tasty and the little bowl of beans that came with was not so hot either. The soda machine had Vanilla Coke, which was awesome :) I guess my biggest complaint was about the salsa bar. Four different kinds of salsa and with all of them they had the heat but no flavor. We have all tasted good salsa before...this wasn't it. A small redeeming factor was the pickled peppers at the bar, which were excellent and a nice touch.
This has forever and a day been my favorite Restaurant, my daughters as well.
So when I asked her where she wanted to go for her Birthday , this is where she choose. Now we had not been to this location ever. 
Just some of the others around the Country and Hawaii.
Plus it had been well over a year since we had even visited Roy's, but they were the shiny star of my memories. Every thing you could ever want in a Seafood Restaurant.

When I made the reservation they asked if it was a special occasion, I told them it was Rachel's B day. When we arrived they told her Happy Birthday and gave us special menus on the inside it said Happy Birthday Rachel and the date. Wow, I thought that was pretty amazing.

Our server was an amazing girl that thought of every thing. The manager even came over to wish my daughter a Happy Birthday.
All the drinks were usurper! The food was truly amazing!! We had the Canoe for two for starters, even though there were 3 of us, there was more than enough. Plus, Mario got a salad which he said was delish!

We had the Butterfish , the Mahi Mahi , and the Old School combo,which was 4 fish dishes on one large dish.Mario had that one. Every thing was perfect, I mean everything. 
For dessert we had the Chocolate Souffle and they even treated the Birthday girl to a wonderful Creme Burle, with fresh fruit and chocolate cake. They even put Happy Birthday in chocolate sauce on her dessert plate.
Yes it is expensive but, at least you are getting what you pay for . 
Great service and Great food.
Just came back from opening day of Spring Training for the S.F. Giants....while in Scottsdale needed to find a nice place to eat.....remembered eating at Village Tavern a few years ago and decided to return.  It's the busy season, so we did have to wait 30 minutes, BUT well worth the wait.  We were seated in Patrick B.'s section....and what a treat.  He has a great sense of humor and an excellent memory...and we tested him when we kept changing our order.  Everything came out exactly as ordered and tasted great.  Thanks for the great food and the outstanding service!!!
Breakfast places are my thing. Once I find one that I enjoy, forgetaboutit. It could be my coffee addiction. But all the same, a place that does a great cup of coffee and breakfast gets high marks in my portfolio.

Candidly, The Breakfast Club always intimidated me - the crowd that is there all day long. Because, let's be honest, if a place is THAT crowded all the time, it has to be fantastic, right? I didn't get it, for the longest time...then there was Eli. 

I sidled up to the coffee bar, a nervous wreck. I wasn't sure if this was a place I could eat, drink, both, or if it was for Take Out (by the way, its all of the above). And, I started to ask questions. Eli is his name. It seems that he runs this joint on the weekends and he's got one hell of an ear (read: don't gossip about anyone or anything) and a smarty-pants sense of humor; but, he was open to questions and he lead me through all the ins and outs of the Breakfast Club. 

My biggest piece(s) of advise: Use The Boards. They are not just for decor and their kitchen will make anything for you. Make your own omelette. Add a side of green chili to anything. Order a drink from Eli on a weekend day. Sit at the back bar and eat, read your paper, eat your Lox, and have a second cappuccino. Is it perfect? Is anyone? Probably not, but now that I've seen how they intended the restaurant to be used, I understand the crowd and I'm one of the many that will return...
Okay Kona, you redeemed yourself. After my last experience i didn't think i would be coming back anytime soon, but my friend talked me into happy hour this evening. Our waiter tonight (in the outdoor bar area) was great, he was constintly checking on us to make sure our drinks were filled and to see if we needed more food. Since there were half price items on the happy hour menu of course we went with those items. 

Margherita Flatbread: cooked perfectly.... the crust was crispy, the ratio's of tomato & mozzarella were spot on and the balsamic reduction gave it just the right kick. 

Crab Crunch Roll: yum, yum and yum.....crab special roll with tempura flakes drizzled with eel sauce. Super delicious.

Philadelphia Roll: smoked salmon, cream cheese and cucumber is a lovely fresh tasting roll. 

All in all this dining experience took me from never wanting to come back here to a-okay and will be back to try more options.
One of the many reasons why I love Sprouts so much: they carry Boca Spicy Chik'n Patties!!

Have you ever tried them?! If not, you should.....they are so good! Now, I only say this with such confidence because I've had my fair share of meatless patties back in the day, so to be able to eat these things again makes me a very, very, happy woman. 

Other things I like about Sprouts:
- Their produce section is wonderful -- everything is fresh most of the time (very rarely have I seen some of the items look bad)
- The meat selection is amazing!!! I don't normally eat a lot of meat (see how much I love those Boca patties?) but it's hard to not buy something when everything looks so good
- Their bulk section is nice as well

To add to the awesomeness of this store everything is really cheap!! And the people that work there are nice as well :)

I love you Sprouts!
Can't go wrong with La Bocca!

The Garden Pizza, is my absolute favorite. Their sangria is yummy, whether its red or white! 

The cucumber water is a little plus for me as well.
This is another spot for lunch during the week.  I've been here a couple of times and the service has always been good.  We have always been seated right away and drinks are always refilled in a timely manner.  Our last visit was later in the afternoon around 1:30pm.  There were just a few others there so our server was very attentive.  I love the burgers here. You can get a burger any way you want with almost anything on it..  The bottomless fries are great too!  They are big steak fries.  Try a side of Campfire sauce with them!  YUM!
I've eaten at this location twice and have enjoyed both visits. I've had the prime rib which was cooked to perfection and a sirloin with lobster and shrimp special. The lobster and shrimp where in a sauce that was a little too salty. The crowd here is generally in the late 40's+ so don't expect a cool hip vibe from this place. It's quiet and dark with a lot of warm colors, which I like for a steak place. The service has always bene excellent. The waiters are attentive but not intrusive. 

We signed up to receive a free dinner on our birthdays and I got the voucher for a free prime rib dinner with a potato and salad to be used Monday - Thursday anytime during the month of my birthday, yesterday. Woo hoo!
Please know that this place is WORTH the long wait.  I come to Phoenix once a month for work and I make sure I have dinner here.  There is NOT one thing I can complain about.  Remember, good things come to those who wait.  I HIGHLY recommend waiting in the house next door and having some wine.  The bartenders are very friendly.  The main restaurant will call the house when your table/bar seat is ready.  The pizza is baked in a stone brick oven.  Real firewood is used, not like California Pizza Kitchen's gas oven.  The owner himself makes the pizza.  Every employee is genuinely nice.  With each bite, you have a subtle taste of smoke (not overwhelming).  The crust is thin and crispy...AND MOST IMPORTANTLY...you can fold the slice - for all you NJ/NY natives!  My stomach is churning and mouth salivating as I write more.  I am going to Phoenix this Thursday...guess where I'll be?  PS-Guys, phenomenal eye candy.
I've been to Pho Cao many times and have always enjoyed my experience! My girlfriend and I love the PHO and Saki Bombers! I'm kind of new to Yelp and don't usually leave reviews unless it deserving and Pho Cao is as good as it gets if your looking for Vietnamese food that is priced right!
Jackrabbit Supper Club, Scottsdale's newest swanky place-to-be, has a crowd to be envied. With the perfect mix of beautiful people, great music and flowing alcohol, Jackrabbit's nights are becoming better and better with time. And on the hour, every hour, Jackrabbit presents a sexy burlesque show, featuring Arizona's hottest ecdysiasts (you'll have to check out jackrabbitaz.com to find out what those are). The girls are endearingly known as White Chocolate, Dallas, Charlie, Loo Loo and Sophie; and this is far from amateur hour. JR also has a band that mixes things up from time to time, in between the musical stylings of resident DJ DJ Mikyl, who has mixed at places such as SIX as well. To learn more about JR's history, bottle service, menu and more, check out JackrabbitAZ.com, a sultry website with lots of info. One of the best club experiences of my life!
Came here 6pm, almost every table taken up, no seats at bar. Ordered dolmathes and calamari which were reeeeally good!! I've been to their Goodyear location for their gyro which compared to others found in west valley is A++... Service was really good too, always checked on. Will come back and highly recommend!
Cheap Beer.  Strip Mall Bar.  Big open space and tables.  Tons of small TV's with no sound.

Tasty, greasy bar food.

I came here on a Thursday night.  Beer seemed really cheap... clearly this is a great place to go if you want to drink with friends for not a lot of money.  I had a microbrew bottle special for $2.50, for example, that was delicious.

Because everyone raved about the wings, I tried some (Jess Jess, $9.50 for a dozen).  I felt, like many do, that they are not "saucy" enough.  Almost no sauce.  But they are good.  Not great, not otherworldly, and not the best I've had in Phoenix.  But they are good, fair priced, and worth ordering if you are drinking beer and looking for an appetizer.

I ordered the Candlestick Carver, recommended by many.  It was good.  Decent to good cuts of roast beef on sourdough (texas toast like) bread, with melted cheese and roasted peppers.  Here's a hint:  ASK FOR NO MAYO.  I like Mayo, but they put like 5 tablespoons on, and it kind of ruined it, and with the dipping au jus suace, you don't need it.

I finished mine, enjoyed every bite, was stuffed, and ate a few of the curley fries (these are just the cheap frozen premade stuff you find at most restaurants).

My son ate the Mac & Cheese.  I didn't try, but it looked fine.

Anyway, will I be back?  Perhaps.  It's kind of a dive.  Parking is fine.  Serivce was nice.  Beer selection and pricing is the strength of this restaurant.  Food was good for a bar, maybe great.

But this isn't a gastropub.  Not gourmet.  Check those expectations at the bar.

I'd think this is a great place to go with a group of coworkers for happy hour.  Or a guys night out.  It's casual enough for the family if you are looking for greasy food.

Order the wings.  But don't expect best of Phoenix.  Just expect solid wings.

If I was coming here again with just one other person, I'd likely try a different appetizer to share, order a couple of their cheap beers, and probably eat their Buffalo Chicken sandwich to get the flavor of the buffalo wings without all the fatty skin.

And I'd go home a pretty content man after signing the bill.
Wow... this is a good burger.  And this Smashburger location has deep-fried pickles!  Dangerous combination.  

I really liked the simple lay-out.  You walk in, order at the counter, sit down, and they bring you your food.  Once you dig in, you get to enjoy a juicy, delicious burger with fries of your choice.  All is good!  Only problem is, it's the type of meal that makes you wanna curl up and take a nap for the rest of the day. lol

It's like a gourmet burger, but for much better prices.

See ya there!
ALICE AND HIS WIFE ARE WONDERFUL, THEY DO A LOT FOR ARIZONA, this restaurant is amazing and all the food is homemade, and the ribs are amazing, and, if you get the footlong hot dog, the bell rings.  This is close to CHASE FIELD AND all of the sites in DOWNTOWN.
OK I am from upstate NY and have partaken of a few really good artisan pie's in my time!  We (my wife and I) were big fans of Mr. Bianco's pies when he was at his original location at the Town and Country and are big fan's of the present.

I like drinking wine, so waiting next door...added bonus!  Is the pie worth the wait.... unequivocally yes!  The parmigiana, pistachio and onion pizza is one of the best pizza's I have ever eaten.  The best possible ingredients make for the best pizza's and Chef Bianco is good!  Hence it's pricey, but great ingredients cost money.  

I haven't been in awhile, because I just don't have the time to invest in a long wait and I have had to cut back on the wine :(.....but if you have time and you appreciate pizza as good as it gets...enjoy the wine for me!
Only reason Brat Haus didn't get 4 stars is simply that beer and brats is not really my cup of tea. However, the atmosphere was great! Really intimate, small setting...dark wood, old world charm, which is only made better with an incredibly friendly staff. 

Started out with the fresh made pretzel, which was wonderful (very pleased with the 6 condiment options that are brought with it). I ordered the Moroccan Lamb sausage with Apricot Onion Chutney topping. The sausage was spicier than I had expected, but good flavor. The French roll it was served on was fine, however, the bread to meat ratio highly favored the bread, which was a little disappointing. The Belgian Fries were delicious. I ordered the Truffle Aioli dip to accompany them, however, it tasted pretty much like mayonnaise. I preferred to use the table side Curry Ketchup instead...that was sweet and delicious!
My sister has taken my kids here a couple times and they make some really delicious looking cupcakes.  I have eaten 1 cupcake here, and it was super delicious.  The frosting is out of this world, and there are many flavors.  It's a small, trendy type cupcake looking place, but then, I don't really know what other cupcake places look like.

My sister gave me a Groupon worth $30 of cupcakes, which I thought this would be like  dozen cupcakes, but it turns out, it's about 9 cupcakes.  I never knew gourmet cupcakes would be so expensive, but apparently that is the going rate.  The Groupon was about to expire, but the shop did not make me get all 9 cupcakes then, and gave me a card to check off how many I got, so it's indefinite for me to use that as long as they are in business.

Love that I didn't have to get all 9 cupcakes right then.  We still have 4 more cupcakes to get and hopefully we'll get them soon.  They totally honored the Groupon way beyond what they were supposed to, which if I am in the house to buy expensive gourmet cupcakes, I will go to this place.

I do not think they are opened on Monday or Sunday, so order your cupcakes early.  I also like the fact that they have an area where you can customize your cupcake decorations.  So, maybe after a movie at the nearby theater, you can stop by for cupcakes.
Great breakfast -- I cleaned my plate, which I never do!  The home fries with jalapenos were really good, and the biscuits and gravy were amazing.  Fast and friendly service, too.  They have early-closing summer hours, so be aware.
The first time I visited Culinary Dropout was the second weekend after their opening. It was very busy but our group was able to snag a table outside. We received prompt and friendly service despite how crowded it was and were impressed by how smoothly everything was executed. Fun and upbeat. Go expecting to see a crowd of folks in their mid forties with a chance of children (in the bar area). Very few people in the thirties age group.
The space is absolutely enormous but still somehow manages to stay packed all the time.The general consensus is that there are a few tasty dishes here, but all in all, the food leaves something to be desired. The pretzel bites are yummy after a drink or two, though. ;-)

*A warning for anyone who is the least bit musically inclined: Stay far, far away from this establishment on the evenings when they showcase their live music. It's bad. Really. Bad.
Yummy slider alert!  

Much better than the average White Castle barf disk, and even better than the sliders at Cheesecake Factory.  I ordered three cheese sliders for a little over $3 (I know, I know, I was HON-gry!) and although they're small it was quite filling.  Nice use of soft rolls, dijon mustard, ketchup, minced onions and flavorful beef and cheese.

The inside is tacky -- with sports posters everywhere, arcade games, real Chicago street signs (think Kedzie, Cermak, Paulina, and Southport), and old newspaper clippings and tons of Best of Phoenix awards scattered throughout.  Vinyl booths line the front of the building with plastic patio tables as well. 

I heard good things about their hot wings and hot dogs, so will def be back to try.

Super cheap, super Chicago divey-chic, and super good.
A nice change of pace in a quiet house in Heritage Square.  Small plates of impeccably prepared dishes. Imagination shows throughout.  Decor is sparse, staff is friendly.  Try the Japanese bacon miso eggplant.
I am so glad that Pomegranate has graced Ahwatukee with it's AMAZING vegan and vegetarian fare. Thank you for bringing this type of cuisine to the masses and showing people that GREAT food can be made without using animal ingredients. XOXOXO
At last, a restaurant that serves delicious pasta that, upon request, can be made as a gluten-free option! My friend and fellow yelper John M. had a very good dining experience at this restaurant and invited me to have dinner there with him so I can try it out - and I'm glad he did. It's a cozy little bistro with its own parking area - a plus for this part of 7th Avenue. The staff is very friendly and service was quick.  My order, penne al greco (I chose the gluten-free option with brown rice penne), had feta, spinach, calamata olives, sun dried tomatoes, and zucchini; it can only be described as heavenly.  It was truly ambrosia, and I chose beer as my nectar. I'm looking forward to trying more dishes at this restaurant really soon!
My wife and I eat out 7 nights weekly so we are critical and choosy about  where we eat.  This Outback has consistently exceeded our expectations on service and the quality of food.  Three servers who always get it right:  Benny, Holly or Amanda.  The menu has a great variety from fall off the bone baby back ribs, steak, seafood and the grillers are all great.  I would recommend this Outback as one of the top 3 restaurants in west Phoenix.  We try to eat here 2 times weekly at  a minimum,,,great carrot cake too!
This is, without a doubt, one of my favorite sushi restaurants ever!! The food is always fabulous. The service is wonderful. This has become our weekly haunt for great food. One of our regular orders is the Japanese lasagna. A super tasty dish.
5 stars for AZ that is :)

Best Pho restaurant I found  while visiting...hands down...Place is great, customer service is excellent and their spring rolls are amazing :)

Super stoked to fly out to visit family and have this only a couple miles from their home :)

I shall return next time I'm in AZ!!!
The Compound Grill was a big surprise for me.  Generally I shy away from restaurants in big strip malls and restaurants in North Scottsdale.  So a restauraunt in a giant strip mall in North Scottsdale?

First, there was live music playing while we ate.  We arrived early so there was no cover charge.  Just some nice background music while we dined.

Second, the menu was great.  LOTS of stuff for those of us who enjoy a healthy meal. I had mahi mahi with roasted vegetables and a big side salad, all for 16 bucks.   Most of the other options looked good too.

Third, they did a great job redecorating.  If it wouldn't have been pointed out, I never would have known it used to be a Black Angus.

One drawback - in between the patio and the stage were large screen TV's, and they were all turned on, and I don't like watching TV on Saturday nights.
I have to admit I didn't think I was going to get an as good meal as we did. We ended up going because we got a restaurant.com gift certificate and thought we'd try a new place.  We've always passed it on Camelback and many time went to Oreganos next door, but never stopped.  I am glad we went last week.

The menu is good sized and the prices were reasonable.  We got the chicken stuffed with peppers and cheese and the Salmon and Spinach enchiladas.  Both entrees were excellent.  I was especially surprised by the enchiladas....you don't usually see salmon and spinach in an enchilada...and executed very well.   We got the guacamole and lobster quesadilla for an app.  The quesadilla was "ok", but the guacamole was very good.

The atmosphere is nice and cozy.  The bar and patio areas are where you will want to site...they have a more authentic feel and the vibe is great.  The dinning room is so-so.

The service was superior and our waiter was way cool and made great recommendations.  He was attentive and knowledgable about the food. He was a rock star in terms of service.

Overall, I would say give this place a spin....it was a great meal.  Why we never stopped there before, I'll never know....
Gallo Blanco is housed in a delightfully kitschy old hotel decorated with midcentury modern furniture and goofy art. We waited by the colorful pool and had drinks and very yummy guacamole while we waited for our table. We had chilaquiles and queso fundido and shrimp tacos--awesome!
Girls Night Out and we had a fun time as we always do no matter where we go. We decided to give Picazzo's a try as it's nearby and we were a little tired of the Scottsdale scene. 

Food was yum but the service is what caused this rating to go down. We had to beg for drinks and one person in our party didn't even get what she ordered. Dishes sat for long periods of time and service was just slow in general, despite it being a not-terribly-busy Friday night. The tip definitely reflected this lack in service. 

Service aside, the food was very good. We had the Buffalo wings as a starter. They were delish! These wings are baked and they use some sort of buffalo type rub instead of the drippy sauce. The rub was flavorful and had a bit of a kick, but not overly so. The four of us shared the California pizza and the Meaty Meaty. The California was a neopolitan style of pizza and had mozzarella, blue cheese, tomatoes, applewood smoked bacon and spinach on top. it was awesome. The Meaty meaty had sausage, pepperoni, canadian bacon on the classic Picazzo's crust. The crust was very nice but the pizza itself was greasy and not overly memorable. All four of us agreed that the California was a homerun for sure. We also shared a chocolate chip cookie and a brownie skillet dessert. The desserts were tasty and just the right temperature. There are loads of choices of gourmet pizzas or you can build your own. The menu is loaded with pasta choices as well that range from organic to even having gluten free items as well. Very nice to have such choices!

We'll likely go back and try more items on the menu another time, but honestly, I don't know how long I'll be willing to put up with slow service. There are just too many places around town that encourage their wait staff to bust their butts to make the visit memorable and this place...we actually had to hold up our water glasses in the air to the bus girl who was filling at another table because she walked by us 4 times with empty glasses on our table. 

So for now, our first visit is a 3 star visit. It can only go up from here, I hope! :)
THE BEST BRISKET MOIST & CREAM CORN IN TOWN!! Hands down. I always comes back for more. The brisket just so delicate and they cut in the perfect size to munch down and the cream corn is just so delicious. They always have a long line during lunch on weekdays and always full during the weekend. I had try so many BBQ places in AZ but this is by far my favorite. YUMMY YUM YUM!!
Great barbeque at a super reasonable price! My current favorite for take-away 'cue.

Try the brisket or the hot links, both are excellent with deep smoky sweetness. Sides are good, too.
This was one of the worst restaurants I have ever eaten at....

The service was left wanting to say the least, the staff were rude, inattentive, and seemed far more interested in talking to each other, texting on their phones or just doing their best to avoid customers... their were slow to take our drinks order, I looked at the time it took about 15 minutes... our food order took far longer.... then when our food come out it came out in four trips.... (there were four of us at the table, I am glad not more I would hate to think how long that would have taken)

The food.... while the menu looked good and the food sound appealing , although a little on the pricey side for what it was... when it came out I don't think it could have got much worse...  I order a chicken dish that was poached... I think that my napkin would have had more flavor in it... I am certain that it was just cooked in plain water and all of the flavor that might have existed in the chicken was left in the poaching water, I know that it wasn't in the chicken that I was severed... my wife ordered a dish she ask is this spicy? she was told not at all.... I would have liked to ask the server what their meaning of not at all is, if only I could have found him and kept him at the table away from his phone long enough to ask... I like spicy food as does my wife, but we could not eat it.... a-la Guy Fieri, Triple D, atomic chicken wings... I think that they put quite an amount of habanero if not bhut jolokia in it... fun thing was though they forgot the salt or anything else that might have resembled flavor.... my sons ordered fried chicken strips.... I think that they were left in the frier just short of becoming shoe leather... if they were trying to bring visions of the Sonoran Desert they did with the chicken strips!

From reading Yelp these guy are just all over the place... sometimes good... sometimes you get them like us.... I would like to hope that it was nothing we did to upset them.... if it was us I am sorry that we upset you that much!

The only good thing was they were able to serve the beer cold... it was the only the got right all night...

Oh when we went to complain... well good luck finding a server... paid... left... disappointed
Awesome food, awesome service. Probably the best and most consistent food in Mill ave. tons of specials every day. If you haven't come into the Greek since it reopened you need to
With the new low prices comes cheaper ingredients. The flavor is NASTY! When I asked for my money back, they gave me attitude from someone named Parland
Love their pizza. They only serve thin crust but it's a nice soft dough with a crunchy crust. I've never sat in the dining room because they have a nice hi-top seating area in the bar. Less of a wait if you grab one of those and I actually like the atmosphere in the bar area better. It's a great place to stop for a bite before or after the free Art Walk on Thursday nights in Old Town. 

Last time we were there they mentioned that they stoke their ovens (sounds kinky) from 4-5 pm daily, so nothing goes in the oven during that time. 

They have specials on their wines on Tuesdays. I think they were half off.
It was a good morning so far, talked to some great friends on the phone from around the world at first, then I decided to go to SWN for some seeds. I love going here on Sundays, very mellow, not to crowded but the best part of the visit was the playing of Grateful Dead tunes in the background. Yes, I am one of those weirdos who listen to the crap most play at stores but their sound track was very good. Bought my seeds, now ready for a great Sunday, thanks again!
Great nursery, visited since early 90's
Food was okay. I got the green chili plate and it was not spicy at all. It was real greasy. Maybe it was an off day. I will have to try it again to make sure
We ordered the chicken with black bean sauce and beef with broccoli. They were both fantastic, but the won ton soup was delightful.  Food was tasty and not too salty. Delivery time was a little longer than promised and customer service left something to be desired, but overall a good choice for local chinese delivery.
The Superstition Mountains are the perfect embodiment of the Arizona desert beauty that I imagined as a kid growing up in Utah.  This park allows you to nestle up to this unique landscape.  One of the better places to mountain bike in the area.  Ride the place at sunset and you will be amazed at what mother nature can do.
Really 4 stars or less by other reviewers?  Maybe your taste buds are warped from eating at subway and Jimmy Johns too much. 

For a sub shop this place is the best.  Went in for a quick bite after a relaxing evening of shopping around the corner and I wasn't disappointed by the food.  

I had the turkey on wheat (around $4.50 and added mushrooms for .50.  I got big slices of artichoke hearts added for free as well as lettuce, tomato, oil, and seasonings.  Best sub I've had hands down.  Also had a cup of cream of broccoli and it was delish.  My friend had the vegetable soup.  It was creamy (instead of brothy) and smelled spicy.  She loved it.

Would have tried a shake but I was too full and I could barely finish my sandwich and soup.  Next time I'll skip the soup or share a Sandwich so I have room for the shake.   

Potbelly is primarily in Illinois and on the east cost.  I'll wager a lot of the good reviews are from people who lived on the east cost, and a lot of the negative reviews are from westerners.  It really does make a difference.
I avoid flying US Airways at all costs.  I have had a sub-par experience every time i have flown.  The employees are never very helpful for friendly, they always load the plane too quickly and back everyone up way into the jet way.  They always run out of bin space and force you check your carry ons and the plans are always fairly dirty/out of shape.  This past trip, we were stuck on the plane for an additional 30 minutes after the plane landed (part of this was without power in the Vegas heat).  The staff told us that they were having trouble lining up the jetway with the plane.  I have NEVER not had a problem when flying US Airs!  Fly Southwest.  ..at least they are friendly!
I am in town for training and the company suggested this hotel so here I am.

The hotel was easy to find, plenty of parking and the employees at the front desk are very accommodating.

I was disappointed with the room itself, especially the bathroom which is dated with a funky shower stall.  Since I will be here for a few days this was annoying to see because the pictures depict a brand new bathroom.

There may be rooms that have recently been updated and they haven't gotten around to this room yet.  Check with the front desk before you book a reservation.
Scary, crazy busy at like midnight, horribly slow checkers, rude staff, and this is literally where the "People of Walmart" reside. 'Nuff said.
We will NEVER donate anything to BBBS because of their frequent, annoying phone calls.  Years ago this organization used to hang yellow plastic bags on door knobs and I would see lots of yellow bags at curbside on pickup day.

Now that the organizations is irritating everyone with frequent phone calls, I rarely see anything on the curb designated for BBBS.   It looks like people are throwing things in the dumpster in reaction to all of BBBS's frequent pestering phone calls.
One of my favorite places for Vietnamese food in Arizona. The broth is well seasoned and their egg rolls are tasty. Service is always fast and attentive. They even offered me water while waiting for my take-out one time! The Boba isn't so bad but I wouldn't order it again.
I really do like this place.. It has a really awesome vibe inside and a beautiful patio area outside.  It does get really busy on weekend so be prepared to wait a bit for a table but I think the food is worth it.

We had really great service which seems to be a rarity in the valley anymore.  I had the short rib tacos which were excellent.  The flavor was amazing and the homemade tortillas were delicious.  We also had the shrimp cheviche which looked great. (I am not a shrimp lover so I did not have any.)
I had been wanting to check out Short Leash Dogs for quite some time after hearing lots of buzz on Yelp and on Phoenix New Times.  A trip to the Urban Grocery store for some wine tasting yesterday provided a perfect opportunity.  There were four specialty dogs up for grabs, but after subbing out my blue cheese for cheddar, I decided to go completely original and ditch the coleslaw for pinto beans.  I went with a beer hot based on the guy's recommendation.  

What can I say?  This dog was magical.  I think I loved the bun best.  I don't know what it was, but it was soft and fluffy and held the dog and fixings well.  Beans, of course, went tremendously with the slightly spicy dog.  And all for just $5.  Phoenix, you need to try this place.
This place came highly recommended by my son.  So we buzzed into this neat little complex.  Found the restaurant and sat outside watching the nursing students go by.  I ordered a house special margarita, that they will only sell two of to you.  The drink was made out of fresh juices and a healthy pour of tequila. Wow it was delicious. 

A unique basket of chips was dropped off at out table.  Different kinds of chips with a great spice on them and what appeared to be a restaurant made salsa.  Absolutely delicious.  Really, fantastic flavors in a great combination. 

Had a chimichangas for my meal.  It was really good as well.  Crunchy outside with a real intense flavored chicken inside.

I will without a doubt return next time I am in Phoenix.
I was very excited to finally try Kevin Binkley's other restaurant. I've been to Binkley's a few times over the past few years and was a big fan of his eclectic and modern contemporary french cuisine.  I wanted very badly to LOVE this place, but was very underwhelmed with the choices we made for dinner.  I will try and be positive and not too mean....so....I will start on a positive note.

Worth trying because:
The truffled french fries...Crispy, 'meaty' thick cut potatoes that are full of flavor. YUM.  Doesn't even need the sauces that accompany it.

The roasted banana ice cream with profiteroles and chocolate sauce.  The ice cream alone is delicious....and I am not really a sweets person.  Profiterole...I've had better.  Chocolate sauce was creamy and not overly sweet.  Next time I will request ice cream only with chocolate sauce!

The foie gras dish was interesting and I have to give points for being different. Seared foie on top of a pumpkin pie tart with crispy pumpkin seeds. It was a touch on the sweeter side, but I enjoyed it , even though I have had more favorable foie dishes. 

The french onion soup....it was okay...I've again...had better.  

The service.  Everyone is super nice. It was cold outside, and I was offered a nice fluffy blanket. Also moved us inside when our heaters ran out of fuel, with no extra fuel on hand either.

Our company...If it wasn't for them, we would not have had a good experience.

The Bad:
The patio needs more heaters! It would be nice if they checked to make sure they were full so they don't run out during dinner. 

The SALTY:
Don't get me wrong, I love salty, savory, delicious goodness.  But seriously, a couple of the dishes we shared were made so salty only a goat could love it? #1 The highly-recommended-by-our-server pork tortellini.  It looked like a good dish, but the butter sauce that covers it was so over salted we could barely taste the pork inside.  Not to mention the 'handmade' pasta was a bit tough and had a bit too much bite. Not delicate at all.  

Another dish that came highly recommended was the bacon wrapped meatloaf. NOT GOOD. The bacon wasn't crisp, the meatloaf was a red color throughout (ketchup?) with a mashed potato which were both...you guessed it....full of an overwhelming amount of SALT! I felt so bad for my fiance. He barley took two bites of it.  At least the server asked if there was something wrong with the dish, and we said everything was fine, because we didn't want to make a scene and be rude in front of our dinner guests, especially because they seemed to like what they ordered.  I guess maybe we ordered all the wrong things that came (in italics) highly recommended?

Would I come back for fries and ice cream? Probably not.  Save your money (and then some) and go to Binkley's for dinner instead.
Chef Nobuo is a genius.  The meal I had last week was one of the best I've ever had in my entire life... and I've eaten at several Michelin starred restaurants.  Fantastic!
Horrible!! The food was gross, and after bringing me the wrong item twice the server didn't even offer to take my meal off the tab. We were the only table in there and the server messed up everyone else's order too. When it was time to pay he got every bodies tab wrong, he handed me my tab at 8:00 and then grabbed it out of my hand. By the time I payed it was 8:30 and I'm sure it was the wrong amount but by that time I just wanted to leave. Also they brought the birthday girl her cake after most if the party left.
Came here because our friend wanted to see the weekly "poetry slam". I like that it's family owned and that they have really cheap specials like 2 slices and a 20 oz drink for $5.95. The downside was that they don't seem to have a lot of kitchen staff so it took awhile to get our food. They even forgot my friend's order and said they couldn't give a refund. Kudos to them for making her a special personal pan sized pizza and gave her a free brownie too =) Pizza was tasty, a little on the greasy side though. 

Poetry slam was cool, lots of interesting characters. I think I would come back here for fun since the downtown area is kind of cute. But it's kind of a far drive for me to get pizza. I got to be a judge at the poetry slam. I guess if you give any score less than a 9.0, even if you don't really like the performance, people in the audience will boo you as a judge. Oh well, if I went up there, I probably wouldn't get more than a 5, so who am I to judge art
I like this store a lot! They really go the extra mile to make it nice.          Very similar to Sprouts. I don't know if they are owned by the same people or not .  They give you 10cents off your bill for everyone of your forever bags that you bring in. That is the best deal i know of. Plus, they even have coffee out if you would like a sample. While shopping.     They have a deli which only provides Boar's Head. Which is a very good thing. No additves and GMO in it.   they will cut your meat and cheese any thickness you like and they put paper inbetween each slice. Which is a wonderful thing.   They even have Organic wine for a very good price.    Very many good things at this store , and well worth the visit.
I love their food - but I am torn, I can't give them four stars because there service REALLY needs to improve!  I just go there to practice being Zen-like!  No matter how bad the service is I just smile!  In addition, I only sit outside because it is really loud inside which is far from enjoyable.
Pat's is pretty damn good. Good pizza, GREAT wings. 

I really don't like going in there. 
A previous poster mentioned the love/hate relationship Pat's seems to have with it's customers. Passive-aggressive signs are literally everywhere you turn. No bills larger than $20. If you didn't buy it here don't eat it here. Please close the door behind you. Don't steal the magazines. Even on the website and all capped and pissed off;  Please HAVE YOUR ORDER READY ordering delivery. Please have your credit card number READY. Last deliveries of the night are CASH ONLY!!
Okay I get it, pizza nazi. 
It's very off-putting.
Have a little faith in your customers, we're not all assholes.
Lives up to its 5 star billing.  The chopped salad was the highlight.  My party of four agreed-- you've never had a salad like this.  The lamb burger was also very very special.  The lepinja roll the burger comes on is absolutely perfect, the best piece of bread I've eaten in a long long time.

The porkbelly pastrami was rich and silky, but could have used more peppery pastrami-ness.  Still, a great piece of meat.

My wife did not love her grilled cheese.  She said the varied textures of the cheeses was not pleasant.  I had her leftovers the next day, and I tend to agree.  Very good flavor though, and again, superb bread.

They serve Goose Island Matilda on draft, which is now my favorite beer.
came to Arizona for a relaxing weekend and ended up at this HORRIBLE place. First i ordered a custom pizza and the ingredients were horrible blank no taste and the sauce taste like nothing. I paid $20 for a small pizza not worth it. But it does not stop there. There was a married couple were the girl wanted the whole place to listen into her personal life with father in-law issues! A man approached her to pipe down and that started an on going fight from verbal into mild physical! yet this went on for 15 or more minutes and the manager or workers said nothing from the beginning to these people to at least get them out. Never again will i make the mistake of coming here! Were was the boss?
Every time my boyfriend and I want a REAL burger, we come to The Grind! This place is seriously hands down, the best gourmet burger you'll put in your mouth. The size is beyond perfect, they always cook our patty to a perfect medium rare. The patty is seared and crispy on the outside, and soft and juicy on the inside. The sweet and spicy burger is our favorite because it's the perfect balance of sweet and spicy. The textures work perfectly from the crispy fried toppings, candied jalapenos, soft bun, juicy and tender patty. JUST AMAZING. Their mixed fries are delicious because you get sweet potato and herbed fries mixed in one container. The atmosphere is really nice and the service is always quick and excellent. I would highly recommend this place. We've tried burgers all over the valley from Fatburger, Delux, Modern Burger, Zinburger, and The Grind is hands down the best burger in town!
Good prices, awesome burgers that are fresh, and cooked on a wood fired grill. Condiments and such are do-it-yourself. Fries are home-made and good. Outside has smoking area. Could use some better beers on tap, and wifi would attract more college students. Still worth 5 stars.
Have always loved this place, but the last visit could have been a lot better. The meat was over cooked and the service below par. The tres leches was to die for though!
After one less than pleasing breakfast here, we won't be returning.  We started out with a couple of bloody marys which were made "extra spicy" as we requested and which were quite good, offering an interesting twist as they were made with cucumber vodka.  Had we ceased to order anything more, I may have wished to venture back to Tryst, but unfortunately, we did not quit while we were ahead.

We both ordered the Huevos Rancheros, which were described as having an Anaheim chile sauce.  What arrived was a plate covered in some sort of goo that tasted like cheap Velveeta cheese sauce that had been somehow modified to give it a filmy texture.  The sauce was absolutely flavorless and made the entire dish, including the tortilla chips, into a soggy mess.  While I don't often do this, the meal was so awful that I truly couldn't eat it and asked the server to take it away.  The manager promptly came over and offered to get me a substitute entree.  He left me with a menu and he and the remainder of the staff (there were not all that many servers working as the place is very small) seemed to disappear.  After 10 minutes, I was still waiting to place my order for my substitute breakfast.  By this time, my husband had finished the portion of his meal that he intended to eat, which was not all that much either, given that he's made the same mistake in ordering the huevos rancheros that I did.  I finally managed to flag down a server and ordered the veggie omelet which the server told me came with toast and gave me a choice of bread.  Twenty minutes later, my omelet arrived sans toast.  When I inquired about the toast the server looked confused and went to the kitchen where it apparently took another ten minutes to toast some bread.  The omelet itself was very disappointing as they had sauteed the vegetables in an excessive amount of grease and then cooked the egg separately so that the greasy veggies were simply set between the folded egg rather than being cooked into the omelet as normally done.  Additionally, a slice of unmelted cheddar cheese had been placed with the veggies.  Definitely one of the worst veggie omelets I have ever had.  With so many other restaurant options to choose from, there certainly is no reason to come to Tryst.
I enjoyed my visit here. Very friendly staff and pretty clean too. The food was good and you really can't complain about it.
Amazing sandwiches and very unique. The sandwiches are crazy and Delish. I would go here and jimmy johns everyday if my wife would let me.
Very beautiful smallish theater. I enjoyed watching circus americana here and seeing there artwork. The boyfriend was not too impressed with the acoustics but I enjoyed seeing all that was capable with the space including use of large trampolines, spanish ropes, and swinging from the upper balcony.
We had the potstickers, kobe beef skewers, red curry clay pot and sizzling shrimp. All of the items were mediocre at best. The potstickers were deep-fried and way overdone. The beef was also overcooked and somewhat flavorless. The curry was very spicy but otherwise strangely bland. Steamed rice was extra and came in a cup sized bowl. If I had been told that the shrimp dish was store-bought and microwaved, I would not have argued with that.
Service was normal. Music was annoying club tunes and too loud for 6pm. 
All in all, I'm glad we had a groupon and didn't have to pay full price for a decidedly below average dining experience.
I don't mind that Berrygood isn't self serve.  The employees there are always quite generous with how much they fill your cup, and the toppings you get.  I normally spend about the same amount here that I spend at any self-serve place.  They only get four stars, because they don't have a lot of yogurt flavors to choose from.  I think some people would find that disappointing.  I love their chocolate, and can't find another place with chocolate as good as theirs.   It's always clean, and they have a lot of toppings to choose from. *****I thought I'd edit this to say that Berrygood has closed.  However, a self serve yogurt store will be replacing it****
Not just good. GREAT!  They are thorough and very detailed.  We just moved to AZ from a different state.  With all of the expenses, house buying and selling and fees associated with different state tax plans Angelo and his team were a WISE INVESTMENT!
Disappointing comedy theater. Unless you absolutely must see a certain comedian act, save your money. In addition to the cost of tickets, or even if you get free tickets, you will have to pay for an overpriced two drink minimum, per person, inside the theater. Mediocre drinks. Poor quality food. Substandard table service. Opening acts were boring. On high profile nights, you may have to wait in an endless line that wraps around the building along the sidewalk then up a few flights of stairs.

But, high marks to the venue next door, Copper Blues! Great place to chill. Over 50 beers on tap, full bar, live music stage, celebrity chef kitchen, professional staff. (4 stars on Yelp)
I'm giving JNB a better rating then it probably deserves, but I have a place in heart for this FF joint.  This spot has a few thinga going for it IMHO.  One, they just remodeled and it's beautiful, but I'm going to miss the old portraits of movie stars they used to have hung up for art.  They had Albert Einstein with his incredible shock of hair, a personal favorite hero,  a young Ella Fitzgerald, Marilyn Monroe and Audrey Hepburn(Breakfast at Tiffany's).  These photographs really jazzed up the place, but the wallpaper, rugs and other furnishing need updated, so I guess the remodel was good.  Two, when I first arrived at Arizona(Flagstaff), via Greyhound bus, we stopped near a JNB, so technically this was the 1st chain I ate at in Arizona.  I order the Jumbo Jack which hasn't changed since I ordered it back in 1985.  They did raise the price from a dollar(Bah humbug!  Now, I just order a 99¢ hamburger for value.  Also, good on the menu:  Egg Rolls, SourDough Bacon cheeseburger, Jalapeño poppers, and the super yummy Breakfast Bowl.  Service is very good.  They almost never mess up my order as they are careful to repeat the order if they don't understand me.  They are fast too.  My only request would be to find a way to clean up the  garbage can and grease bin out back.  They need to control the odor that emanates from there because it causes potential guests from losing their appetites(especially those who drive through)  Other than that, I like the restaurant and have been dining there close to 20 years now.
I was visting Phoenix from Chicago and this was the place that all the locals were telling me to check out.  I will say that I am glad that I did check it out.  Although I only checked out the lounge area.  There was a local act in the main room, asking $25 for admission.  Sorry... that's a little steep for one guy on an acoustic guitar.

So the lounge it was.  The lounge area is pretty sparse, which works.  Just tables and chairs.  Apparently a DJ plays later, but we left a little before midnight an still no DJ.  Oh well, maybe next time.

One suggestion, get another bathroom.  Having to wait behind a line of 5 girls is never a good thing.
This place is really convenient since its open all the time. I don't use the pharmacy here, but I like the store. The prices aren't TOO outrageous and if you use their coupons it can cut down on prices. Use the extra bucks like cash and scan your CVS card at the front kiosk to get extra coupons. Sometimes they run of stuff that have extra bucks deals associated with them, but this isn't surprising and it happens less here than other CVS stores (less college kids that care about coupons/deals.) 

The check out people are really friendly and nice. The store is also very clean and I think has a larger selection of food than other CVS locations.  But enter at your own risk, as for some reason the collective riffraff of Mill Ave and the weirdest people off the bus tend to congregate here.
We drive out 2 or 3 times a year for PIE.  Since we are there we pick up seasonal jam, the cherry and blueberry are especially fruitful (is that a word?)

We LOVE pie.  They MAKE pie.  It's like we were meant to find each other.

The PEACH PIE is not good.  It is not great.  It is UTTERLY DELIGHTFUL, the peaches are still firm to the tooth, nice light filling with huge chunks of real peach - not a sign of the sugary goop that store-bought pies use as filler. 
 
PIE CRUST like your grandma used to make - still good on Day 2 and Day 3 (I have no idea about Day 4, the husband would not let such a thing happen at our house!)

I'm a city-girl so to me  this place feels like a real farm, smells like a real farm, seems pretty authentic and everyone who served us was Working Hard and Still Smiling!
So I can only review one item at Qdoba, because there's only one item I've eaten there since my freshman year of college in Madison... vegetarian nachos.
I love them.

Which is why I was so glad to find out a Qdoba was opening up in Tempe. I'd tried the one in Central Phoenix once in a while, but it was really too far for me to drive to get nachos.

I'm not really a fan of other fast food Mexican food unless I'm really drunk. But Qdoba is different. Because of those fabulous nachos. Black beans, wonderfully flavorful cheese sauce, cheese, corn salsa and a side of guacamole... mmmm..... love it, love it, love it. 

On lunch trips with coworkers, my friends don't seem to be as impressed as I have been. But I don't care. I'll go alone.
Interesting place to kill time while browsing through other people's (mostly) junk/trinkets.  Take a cart with attached iPad with you. It's kind of annoying having to look up the price of everything.  There were some practical finds but I didn't buy anything. However, there's also a ton of stuff that looks like it would give you tetanus if you touched it, so use judgement before picking anything up.
I hate to be the only male giving this place a 5 star. I suppose it brings out the feminine side in me.

I digress, I tend to enjoy ice cold milk with oreos or chocolate chip cookies as a snack or dessert. However, this place has something special going on.

The flavors have all been perfected with the right amount of sweetness, flavor, and texture. I really can't find any flaw in their frozen yogurt. My personal favorites are acai berry, cookies and cream (surprise), and new york cheesecake. My girlfriend will be upset if I didn't mention red velvet, its her favorite. Even though I hate the idea of eating taro, even the taro isn't a bad flavor. If you need some fruits to make it more nutritious you can add those too.

I seriously can't stress how unique the flavors are and how immaculate the taste is. The pricing is pretty reasonable as well. For about $3 my GF and I seem to be able to satisfy our sweet tooth. If we're near ASU we usually top off a dinner or lunch with Yogurtland.

I'm not a big fan of frozen yogurt. It seems to be the trending dessert these days along with red velvet. I'm sure both frozen yogurt and red velvet have existed for years, its only recently that I've seen both these things EVERYWHERE. Seriously though, many of the frozen yogurt shops that come to mind have just recently opened within the last 2-3 years.  I suppose some places ride the trend, but this place sets the trend.
Coffee and Fraps are more than fabulous!  No bitter taste and orders are filled correctly.  Staff has been wonderful and even have smiles for us when it is crammed full of people.  The music night is always just plain fun.  If you get a little craving for something sweet - try the apple pastry - yummy or oh my the Rock Springs pies.  And just an FYI during holidays we always order a Rock Springs pie to pick up right from Elevate Coffee which is a huge savings in gas and always a hit for holiday guests.  Elevate also participates with Belly so easy to earn picks for free coffee, pie, lesson on coffee.
I can only add my gushing praise to the other reviews.  Not only is the food outstanding (pork osso bucco, green chile stew and pecan/fig pie), but the ambiance and service really help make this place a standout.  So many places have arrogant, stuffy service, so Scottsdale.  Not so here.  Also, the waitstaff had opinions about the food - which dishes are his favorite and why.  Elegant but comfortable atmosphere, reasonable prices, and a real enthusiasm from the staff (and a chef, who came to visit with folks that he knew who were sitting near us).  The food is rich, but did not seem unhealthily so - not bathed in salt and heavy cream sauce.  Perfect portion size, with a balance - meat, grains and veggies.  So happy that Beckett's is in the neighborhood!
(Oh - and no valet!  I  hate valet parking when there is an ample adjacent parking lot, and spots are only limited because the valets put their cones in the available spots.)
While the food is good, the service leaves a lot to be desired.  Do not go for breakfast!  We have been going here every Saturday for a year.  My wife likes her coffee a certain way and this morning she took a cup in with her.  

The waitress told her that she could not have an outside drink and she would have to take it out.  We told her that we would rather eat somewhere else.  We will not be back!   Spend $200 a month there and that is the service you get.
I just have to say that the owner of this place definitely knows how to run a restaurant and how to take care of customers! She treats everyone there like she's known them for years! 

I've been here a couple times and every time it has been quite good until today. Today, she came around to ask if everything was okay and I told her with some hesitation that my meal wasn't so great. She was so kind and remedied the entire situation for me. She told me she valued what I said and was going to make sure she fixed the problem for next time. 

This is truly a neighborhood restaurant. I love that I can walk here from home and get such wonderful food and service. Yes, they are really busy on the weekends but the servers are clearly working SO hard to do everything they can to take care of diners! 

Even though today wasn't the best meal, I still think this place deserves 5 stars because they take such great pride in making sure everything is done right and they take each customers opinion to heart. 

I will definitely be back :)
I ate there once last week and once last night

The service is friendly, the music is uber trendy and gets a little old, the cooks are professional yet easy going and even came over to chat during our dinner meal. 

Lunch menu was good, moderate price for the meal. You are served soup, salad, Nigiri, and I believe Maki. Miso was fairly good that day. Seaweed salad was flavorful but a little moist for my tastes. And I am not a good judge of sushi because I lived in Japan and everything else is just not as good! Ha. But I ordered the Tuna Nigiri, and it was delicate with a soft flavor. Pretty good. And I always order something with Unagi because I love love love eel! The eel was very flavorful! I wish I could remember exactly what I ordered but it was all fairly good.

Dinner menu was a bit overpriced. The Miso, that day, was really not very tasty. Far too much salt, actually kind of tasted like salty chicken broth. No hint of dashi or bonito and I was not impressed. Edamame was well cooked and not over salted. I ordered the yellow tail and my friend ordered the seared ahi. Not all that impressed with the yellow tail, but the seared ahi was by far the best thing we ate that night, seared just right seasoned with french onions in the rice with just a dab of soy sauce was perfection! He ordered dragon roll (it actually looked like a dragon) and again the eel was very tasty but not the best even here in Phoenix. I ordered the spicy hana, it seems that individually each part of the roll was well flavored but for some reason it didn't come together well. the shrimp tempura as light and well seasoned, the eel was yummo, but there was far too much cream cheese in the roll and instead of complimenting the spice, it kind of overpowered the roll. I ordered a cucumber cocktail with dinner, there isn't much on the drink menu sans vodka (of which I am not a fan), but this one had raspberry sake and was sweet and subtle! 

Seems this restaurant is more about the flash than the food. 

I will go back based simply on location and  courtesy of the staff, only bearing in mind that the food will be hit or miss.
I eat here about once a month or so. Only because of the distance. 
Always fast and friendly service.
Always get the same thing.
Pizza and wings. 
Pizza crust has a nice and chewy. 
Decent sauce, but great cheese and toppings.
Not much else to say.
Great pizza and service.
Nuff said.
Valentines day 2011. Well I had not been here in a while, so I was hoping it had not changed much. took the Mrs. here for a pre-dinner wine and fondue. Got there around 6pm when they opened and were the first ones there. The greeter said that most of the tables were reserved, but we said we loved to sit at the bar - no worries. 

The bartender was still getting his setup going, but was great getting us set up with menus and helping us navigate the wine selection. He let us sample and we enjoyed 2 glasses and munched on the cheese fondue. Really good cheese with dipping selections. We also had the warm mixed nuts. Who would have thought they were going to be so good with our wine selections. 

We were in and out in 2 hours, but had a great time in the dark cellar ambiance. I like how it is kinda hidden, so it feels a little more special when you walk in and know you have arrived.
my husband and I have been to the Sleepy Dog in Tempe and fell in love with the beer so we were very excited that they now have a location in Gilbert.  We were anxious to try the food and we were not disappointed.  My husband had a black and blue with sweet potato fries.  It was delish!  Despite the other reviews i have read, we thought the burger was very flavorful and juicy.  The sweet potato fries were crispy on the outside, soft and sweet on the inside.  Perfect.  I had the fish and chips with jicama slaw.  I loved every bite.  The slaw had sweet red peppers, jicama and a zesty sauce.  Very good!  Enough cannot be said about the beer.  Sleepy Dog beer is wonderful.  We love every one of them.  They also have a great tap selection of other 

Sleepy Dog in Gilbert has only been opened for a couple of days and we were impressed.  Yes, there are some bugs to be worked out which is to be expected.  We definitely will be going back.

Update- Went last night (1/4/14) around 8pm.  Sign said "closed for the holidays".  Holidays are over.  What gives???
Great selection of Wine, Beer and Liquor and they even have a walk-in Cigar Humidor with fair prices. Also offers classes.

Only problem, I buy too much when I go in this store because the selection is huge. Highly recommend.
Carlsbad is truly one of my favorite places in the valley, although I usually only get the opportunity to go for lunch. This place also holds a special place in my heart because it was my first real meal in Arizona. This is where I went to lunch on my first trip out here for an interview. It's also a favorite place for my coworkers and I to visit. 

First things first. The atmosphere is fantastic. The inside and outside both have great seating and I love the welcome feel you get when you arrive from both the staff and the decor. The outdoor seating area is one of the best I've ever seen. If you've never sat in between the outdoor bar and the pond, you are truly missing out. 

The food is always fantastic, well portioned, and well priced. Blue corn enchiladas are one of my favorites. Warning though, do not eat them if you are not a fan of cheese. I, however, live for cheese and am in love with them. The lunch specials they have are *always* incredible and definitely worth trying. I don't know anyone that's ever been disappointed by them. Last time I was there it was roasted chicken enchiladas with a mushroom cream sauce. Can I say please eat me now?

If you enjoy fantastic food, amazingly personable staff, and a great setting, this is a must!
Great place for a unique good tasting sandwich..not run of the mill., but I would use the word gourmet.  

Owner gave me the run down of the operation as ours my first visit.... all the recipes are Family ones, and from what I witnessed that day. ... everything was being made from scratch.... pasta salad. potato. Egg Mac and Chicken wow.. very impresed

Ok. now the not so great things....a great sandwich calls for lots of orders.. they go out on time but The seating...eh... really not much Indoors. But this place is hopping.

I do want to mention one thing to a current yelp subscriber.

seasoning?  Really two star?  Hmm Ok first of restaurants have took consider All tastes that come in... not just you.   Salt and pepper on The table and You can ask for others. . Not too difficult. 

You mention you wouldn't let parking be part off your review. .. first the company has Nothing to do with the parking lot.the lot is for the entire strip... that means the yoga store the hearing aid store among others.

And lastly. .I was there spoke to the owner on my next visit after their only 2 star review and now I put your face to the review.... 

you were disappointed about The way you were treated. .. you werent making suggestions you were telling the owners who've had it four 7 years how they need to run it... put trash baskets here... have a tub here etc... you didn't appreciate the answer they gave you... they said you may leave your basket on The table and It will be removed by the busser.... its a restaurant and they are suppose cater to you. .. you should not have to worry about clearing your table they will.


Your 2 stars was unwarrented.. however it is only an opinion...
You want seasoning..use salt and pepper on the table.... you want to feel validated the offer a suggestion not make a generalized statement about How they should do this or Do that... open your own restaurant if you want torun a store your way. 

Good food
Lots of work took put into a sandwich
Good people
Minimal seating
Trendy

i hope that yelp will keep this review and not remove my comments
I am so excited that I have Sushi Eye so close now!  I like the sushi (atkins roll is great), staff is friendly, and the new layout is perfect!  I would suggest checking it out!
new location, same horrible service!! they just can't get it right!!! Food was sub par because it took so long to get quality service. They go hand in hand. I had to politely remind the staff that there were 4 tables sitting outside still waiting to get greeted. After the poor service & messed up meals, I told the manager the problems and he worked to correct them & was grateful that I said something to him, but u would think it would get better... Nadda even worse! Disappointing experience for myself & son (who is 3). At one point, my son asked to go next door to RA as he was just bored sitting and waiting for juice, ketchup, & his dessert.
we have heard so many great things about this place and it lived up to every expectation. even the decor is very cool, with exposed white washed beams and flooring, kind of farm-ish, but not in a country-chickens-haybales-cracker barrel way. 

it was super busy and we had to wait about 25 minutes to be seated. everything on the menu looked awesome. i finally settled for the sweet potato tacos and they were just the right texture of soft, sweet, salty, and a tad crunchy. my wife had the veggie hummus pita wrap and it was as well, over the top delicious. i was extremely fond of the sweet potato chips that came with the dish. i also ordered the mac n cheese, and it was nice and stinky and rich and creamy...mmmm.

our server, although busy, spent a minute or two just chatting with us and kept our water glasses filled. we topped it off with a cup of coffee, which surprisingly, was good as well. 

i can't wait to come back here. i'm glad we finally checked this place out.
One time visitors from out of town on a Saturday night.  Good crowd of regulars.  Not pretentious or touristy as the Scottsdale Rd bars; more of a working Joe & Josephine's bar.  Reasonable prices.  Karaoke was fun.  Had NTN trivia.  UFC on plenty of screens.  Outdoor patio featuring bands on certain nights.  Only complaint was the waitress did seem to pass by many times when the beer mugs were low or empty.
I ordered the lamb kabobs and the shishk kabobs. I also ordered the lemonade. The kabobs were edible but entirely devoid of flavor, the lamb was better than the shishk. The rice that came with it as well as the salad was very good, flavorful. For food I would give them 3 stars, but the lemonade was worth 5 stars. Thus the 4 star rating. The atmosphere was meh. The lemonade is what it's all about.
I ordered my custom made door and it arrived recently for installation. The design was exactly to specifications, quality of construction and the finish are flawless. It took several months to get but it was worth it. This one improvement has increased the value of my home and makes my entire family feel safer.
I found this on Yelp while staying nearby for a conference. 

It was completely delicious. I got the Cashew Nut ( I think that was what it was called) with just veggies. Everything tasted so fresh. It wasn't too spicy, I said I wanted medium but I'd consider it extremely mild. However it was really flavorful so I can't complain at all. I just think next time I'd ask for it spicier.  

This place is in a pretty nondescript strip mall, but don't let that deter you, they're doing an excellent job.
This place is unbelievable!  The man and I were out and about and stopped off at Lux for some coffee.  While we were outside enjoying the GORGEOUS weather we finally have, he noticed the sign that they had margherita pizza, so we decided to give it a try.  And we're so glad we did!!  This place is i.n.c.r.e.d.i.b.l.e. for the following reasons:  
1:  She spoke to the chef in italian when she told him our order.
2:  Our order came quickly and she offered to bring it outside instead of us having to wait for it.
3:  We got a Coke and a Sprite, which was actually Mexican Coke and Sprite in the bottles made with actual sugar instead of high fructose corn syrup and they were cold and delicious!
4:  Everything she brought us from the plates to the silverware is environmentally friendly.
5: She brought two little pieces of homemade chocolate with toffee in it.
6: Now what you've been waiting for...  The pizza.  We were a little hesitant about the crust just by looking at it, but one bite in, we were in love.  The crust was flavorful and light and crispy but not too crispy with a hint of sweetness and that glorious wood-stone oven flavor.  You could tell that the marinara sauce was homemade and it tasted like they'd picked the tomatoes fresh from their garden that morning.  The mozzarella  had just enough pull to melt in your mouth instead of getting caught in your throat and the basil was fresh and glorious.  It was seriously the best pizza I've ever had.  

If you're in the mood for something authentic, fresh and AMAZING, go to Pane Bianco.  Support this locally owned business.  You won't be disappointed.
They didn't really have anything vintage or retro. The store was clean and well organized but lacking some fun pieces.
Drawn to The Turf by the pheromonic thought of people talking techie in both my ears, I found a bar and eatery I'd taken pics of last year. I'd loved the iconic murals covering the front elevation of the building.  Wednesday evening I got to go inside.

There was live music in the northwest corner.  A man was onstage, filling the room with what became a vast repertoire of tunes.  My favorite was a very quiet improv bit of blue jazz about the tip jar being empty on the stage.  He was accompanied by a percussionist.  The music was good and loud, making the outside seating the best place for a schmooze-a-rama.  

It's called "The Turf" because there's an off-track-betting booth next to the main entrance, race of the moment playing on the big flat panel above the cage.  If you've got a gambling problem, a betting desk and giant beautiful bar serving everything might slap more misery up the side of your head than you'd care to experience.    Guinness is served.       

I didn't try the food.

Pick parking carefully.  That probably empty ASU lot immediately North of The Turf has a large complex machine demanding it be fed so your wheels can stay where you parked them.  Enforcement is serious in this lot, even after six PM.  Someone mentioned some free space marked just for The Turf.  Find it.
It always starts out great here but seems to gradually slide downhill after the first few bites.
Most salad options look fairly good and I think I have been lucky in my selection.
There area also other cold salads on the bar. Tuna Noodle Salad of some type typically is one I'll try but on this visit is was soupy and just blech.  I couldn't even have a second bite.
The soup selection on the day we visited was good, but I guess I'm one that just likes soup.  I had the Chicken Enchilada on that day.  Lots of good flavor but I don't think I even had a bite of chicken.  Also tried the Chili but it was more beans than anything.  I mean every bite was a spoon full of beans.  My husband and sons theory is that I need to laddle a serving up from the middle of the pot and refrain from stirring the soup first. 
I wasn't going to serve up another bowl to find out.

Dessert is always a must even if it's just a bite of something sweet to end the meal.
On this occasion they had Red Velvet Cake with a cream cheese icing.  Looked appealing, well except for what it begins to look like after a couple dozen people attempt to serve thierself from a dish set under a hot lamp.
Oh yeah, and it doesn't help that they provide a long handled SPOON to cut and serve yourself a piece of cake.  
C'mon staff, even one of those pizza servers would be 100 times better than a SPOON!

One bite of the RVC and some vanilla soft serve was more than enough.

We come every few months cuz that's more than enough for us.  

If you miss out on the Mon-Wed deal as another reviewer mentioned, I suggest you do a search online for coupons.  You might be surprised what you find.
Fat free and under 100 calories* (for 4 oz.) Italian ice is a light, refreshing ice cream alternative to help lower the body temps. 

We're not talking snow cone or shaved ice - Italian ice is made like ice cream except water is substituted for milk. It has a smooth consistency almost like a cross between a sherbet and a sorbet. 

Scala's offers 13 flavors to choose from and, besides the ever popular lemon, cherry and chocolate (yum!), there are some interesting ones like: peanut butter, cheesecake and mint chocolate chip. 

Italian ice is scraped rather than scooped and served in paper cups. You can choose virtually as many flavors ans you want to cram into your cup without having to go to a bigger size. And, a small will only set you back $1.80. 

*Not all flavors are fat free and calorie values vary by flavor but for the most part, we're talking a fat free, low cal treat! 

(They also have egg creams, though I prefer to stick with Italian ice!)
There seems to be a bit of debate going on between the existing Arlecchino reviewers: is Arlecchino's gelato better or worse than the gelato in Italy? Well, that's sort of like asking whether the cheese steaks at a highly-rated cheese steak shop in L.A. run by an individual born and raised in Philadelphia are better than the ones you get in Philadelphia. The answer is that every  food's place of origin has businesses that make it well and places that make it not so well. Therefore, while it's probable that Italy and Philadelphia have *more* places that make better gelato and cheese steaks, respectively, there are certainly places elsewhere in the world that make these products superbly, especially if the owners are themselves authentic, as well as dedicated to their craft. 

Being an Italophile myself, I always love discovering restaurants and food destinations run by Italians. 9 times out of 10, their product will be memorable and will remind me of the best version I had while in Italy (I've spent 9 months there over 5 visits). Arlecchino is no exception. The owner is Italian (you can still hear the accent), and he makes all of his gelatos from scratch, with the passion you would expect from an individual whose native culture centers around fresh, delicious, and satisfying food. 

I tried Arlecchino with fellow Yelpers after the Radio Milano Elite event (that restaurant is right across the street). Thank you, Jason W, for the suggestion. I thoroughly enjoyed the flavor I chose (Peanut Butter Chocolate) and found the texture and consistency to be super-authentic. The price was also really reasonable, given what a lot of upscale ice cream/yogurt shops are charging these days. The owner, who was scooping and running the register, seemed personable, and it was so nice to see him so involved with the nuts and bolts of the business. 

The only downside to my Arlecchino experience was that I didn't get to compare certain flavors to the ones I tried in Italy (hazelnut, pistachio, mixed berry, etc.). Since I ordered peanut butter/chocolate, this inability to compare is definitely my own fault, though, so I won't fault Arlecchino! The owners are doing Italian gelato proud, and that deserves five stars.
I was told a few different times about this place called Fez. The way it was told to me, it seemed to be a magical land where gods came down and cooked the perfect burger and sweet potato fries. So when a friend asked if I wanted to go there for lunch, with that mental picture, I readily agreed.

We got there around 6 or 7pm on a Saturday night. Now I am not sure if this is what it is always like, but the place seemed crazy busy. A few tables were being held for a reservation so my friends and I took seats to the side and ordered drinks while waiting for somewhere to open up. We had to wait for about 20 minutes for a table. I was parched and in that time, I believe the waitress refilled my drink 3 times. Even though it was busy, she was on the ball the whole time.

We sat down and quickly ordered, three burgers and a basket of sweet potato fries. The fries came out and here came my biggest complaint. They were a type of chili fries, not sweet potato. I don't know how the order was mixed up, but we thought since it was so busy/were all to easy going/lazy we weren't going to mention it. The fries were good, I was just sort of looking forward to the sweet potato fries. All was quickly forgiven when the burger came out. I could not get over how good this burger was.The mix of BBQ sauce, onions, and feta on top with pears on the bottom, my mouth is watering just thinking about it. There might have been more on this burger but I was to busy eating it and loving every second of my life at that point to really look too closely. I knew those review I had heard and mental picture I conjured were correct, this burger could not have been made by mortals.

I look forward to my next trip here. Next time I go, which I hope is very soon, I will get those legendary fries, maybe try to get a look at those gods in that back that must make those amazing burgers.
Nice place...Need more restaurants..! Pretty huge airport...so long walks..!
Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):
8 Food
7 Service
9 Atmosphere
7 Value

I don't like in the least how the recent remodel suddenly turned its back to the street, but I certainly enjoy making occasional trips into Uptown for Lux now that they've got food & booze.

The drinks are over-the-top creative, quite tasty, but a little pricey.

The service itself is good, but figuring out how to get served can be a challenge.  The space is definitely not inviting to shy newbies, and some really don't appreciate the meandering layout, though I tend to like it.
We have been here twice now, and both times were great, A++!!!  
On our first visit we just ordered two orders of the Spicy California rolls, then on our second visit, we ordered two orders of their avocado rolls, which by the way are only like $3 for 6 pieces, and one order of the spicy California roll, with also an order of their Teriyaki chicken with white rice and four small veggie sides. 
*** The food was good, but I think what keeps us wanting to come here is the wonderful customer service, they have been AWESOME to us,  we were greeted with an honest smile and we were well taken care of during our entire dining experience there!!! 
There is a really sweet and kind guy and girl that work at the register too, they are both extra awesome!!
We will keep coming for more, hopefully to slowly but surely try-out there entire menu, eventually!!!
My husband and I visited the Arizona Science Center two weeks ago on a Saturday to use a Groupon for the DaVinci exhibit. We like museums. So why only two stars? 

Parking was confusing. Apparently you can get parking validated if you park in a specific lot, but there weren't signs or directions to let us know that. We parked across the street next to the Diamondbacks stadium for not an obscene amount of money, but considering we are in Phoenix and not San Francisco, it was excessive. Plus there was some other event going on so we had to drive up several floors and there were annoying cones blocking off most of the available parking. WTF! 

Then we got to the lobby. The line was waaayyyy worse than the MVD. And the lobby is also pure concrete (think bomb shelter), so if you're trying to pull up a Groupon or something on your phone... give up. The cashier was kind enough to pull up our Groupons on her computer. The line was also complete with more than its fair share of impatient, screaming children who needed their naps. 

The actual exhibit was interesting. The only way to get from the ticket counter to the exhibit was a small, slow, in-the-corner elevator. We looked through a few of the permanent exhibits, and it was ok, but nothing special.
I used to work across the street at Honeywell and we ate at Oscar's fairly regularly. When I hit Phoenix there are two places I must hit for grub and Oscar's is one of them. Best fried fish I have ever had, and that includes Ireland and the U.K.  

Their batter is light and the fish is thick. No cheapo cuts here. The fries are lightly seasoned and the tartar sauce is fantastic. I am no coleslaw lover so I ask for hushpuppies instead and those too are excellent. 
The decor is simple with a lot of seagoing junk on the walls surrounded by a few lame imaginary water scenes, think dolphins swimming through some underwater otherworld. Whatever. The food trumps it all and you will simply love the place. 

Price is about $10 unless you hit a lunch special but you get a lot of goodness for that ten-spot you just dropped.  There are quite a few choices but I have come to prefer the cod minis. Give'em a try why dontcha?

The staff is excellent and the owner is a delight. I called in an order and they asked where I was so they could drop in the food at just the right time so it was piping hot. Outstanding fellas!
Went with a friend on a Sunday which was pretty dead.  We were really looking for some good Mexican food after hearing so much about how good it is in Arizona.

We started with the Chips and Guacamole.  I don't know what happened, but there was no flavor at all.  I could tell the ingredients were fresh but it was as if they just took avacados and served them with chips.  

Next, had the poppers, which were good but nothing to great.  It was spicy and the sauce was good, but I expected more. 

Ordered the Chicken fajitas and again was surprised at how bland and unseasoned everything was.

Overall, was disappointed in the food.  Not sure if they were just off their game since it was a Sunday night.  I assume there are better Mexican options in Scottsdale.
Cliff notes
- Cheap: $1-2/plate
- Fast: It's ready-to-go and on a conveyor
- Acceptable quality: I'm here weekly and haven't gotten sick lol

This place is definitely good for what it is, "it" being a budget-friendly sushi place that's great for a quick bite.  In a response to the lower-rating reviews stating how the food is just okay at best or authentic or blah blah blah, well think of it like wal-mart vs. *inserthighendretailerhere*.  This place has a business model based on selling in large volumes (hence the low prices like wal-mart) so they're gonna have to "reduce costs" somehow (so-so quality food, not-so-attentive staff, and slightly smaller than average portions), but it's still a solid bang-for-your-buck kinda place.

On top of this, I can be in and out quickly since everything is already prepared, perfect for those quick 30 min lunch breaks.  All that's required is for you to grab it off the conveyor (depending on whether or not all the items you want are on the conveyor at the time). 

I've never had issues with seating, but do not make a point to go during peak hours and usually go with a small party (2-4 people).

For those claiming to be "left to fend for themselves" due to an inattentive staff, most of your sushi-related inquiries can be answered by this thing called "the menu" that sits on the counters.  See, this miraculous piece of technology contains things referred to as "descriptions" on them that help to inform you about the sushi going round-and-round before you.  Furthermore, there's even a pricing guide based on the color code of the plates to assist you further! WOW! Lol wtf do people expect for $1-2 plates of sushi?  Someone to hold your hand? LOLOLOLOLOLOLOL DIAF

And the cherry on top? $4 large japanese beers and $5 sake bombs! HELL YEAH!
Outstanding food, great atmosphere, simply a great place
Here is what I wrote to their corporate office after a horrible experience with the store manager. This review is based SOLEY on her since usually I have a good experience here.


"Hi,
I was in your Chandler, Arizona (Chandler Mall) location today to return
some clothing. Unfortunately, they did not have tags on them, but they 
were still brand-new and I had the original receipt. 

The manager there told me that she was not able to return the clothing, 
and I asked her why. She said that they were worn, I then said they were not worn, I had tried them on after I took the tags off. They are within the time period to return and I had the original receipt as well, so I  didn't see why I was not able to return them. I have returned items to the store without tags before with no problem. I asked if she was the 
manager, and she said yes.

She then said she would be able to do it just this one time for me. But 
then she changed her mind and she could only return one item for me. She then tells me to "calm down and not make a scene", which is ridiculous since I was not yelling or making a scene of any kind. I am not the kind to do any sort of thing, but her saying that made me even more upset. She says that I need to find the tags and come back on a day that she's working so that she can ask her supervisor if she can do this for me.

I have never been treated so rudely at any Banana Republic store, 
nevertheless, ANY retail store. I have been coming to this store for 2 
years now, and it is sad to see the management as this store go downhill in customer service."


I took all the merchandise to Scottsdale's Banana Republic and they returned everything with no questions asked. They actually apologized for how rude and unprofessional the manager was at Chandler. It's amazing how a company can hire such crappy management at one store and awesome service in another.
This place is great. I have a lot of clients that stay here and the service is exceptional. The hotel is located on beautiful Stone Creek Golf Course and has a nice pool. It was just remodeled and looks great. It is in close proximity to shopping and dining options. A nice place to get away and relax with out the Scottsdale resort prices.
As a beginner, all I can do is review the service and general look of the store.  Everyone is friendly and helpful, and the store is wide open with lots of space and very well organized.  The selection looks quite broad from my inexperienced view.

The shooting area is bright and open, with all the things you need for comfortable and safe archery.

We're taking one of their family classes and like it so far.  Would recommend it for any beginner, and it seems like experienced archers should check it out too.
I had severe Melasma (dark brown hormonal spots all over my face from post-pregnancies). I had tried everything with my dermatologist and learned that facial laser usually helped. I purchased 6 laser treatments and could hardly wait. After thousands of dollars and NO results, I can honestly say this place is useless. I was told they had to start the laser low to see how my skin would react. By the time we had the laser turned up to where it actually did anything, it was my last treatment!!! I feel like if they knew what they were doing we would have done a test spot or 1 treatment to test where the laser should be set at. My thought is that the last high level laser treatment got the results so they wanted me to buy more laser treatments to finish up the results. I went to the Arrowhead Nu U location and it has since closed (go figure) but I think they moved to another location, so don't waste your time with this place. Go to a dermatologist, get a good, trustworthy recommendation and stay away from this place.
My GF says Take me out for a rum drink, I says your wish is my command. 

Beautiful little restaurant opens at 5 downtown. A very kind sir welcomes us in. I see the rum punch and I order up. Now this rum punch is delicious but I would have liked it to be stronger, ya know 'Punch' $5. I decided to add a shot to our drinks with a Haitian five star rum.$8. 

We also had an app of Cuban style pork tenderloin sandwiches using fried plantains. My Gf enjoyed them I just am not crazy for plantains. Anyway cozy seating and we had a good time.
Too bad they didn't make it. Went on new years eve, but there were only a few people and loads of food out. It  almost seems like  a cursed  location, as so many business come and go. When they opened, they started to tear that part of town and country down and so it was a construction road that lead to their business, which might have sewm to many as in accesible. The service was good, so was the food. I wanted to go back to find them closed. Feel sorry for them.
Four Peaks is one of my GO TO places in Tempe. Atmosphere is laid back, local delicious beers and wonderful food. Great restaurant for any occasion- birthdays, groups, football Sunday, laid back date night.

Sunday brunch is a must. The food is amazing and they have the best bloody mary in town.

Personal Favorites:
Beer: Hop Knot or Pumpkin Porter in October 
Food: Salmon BLT, no bacon add avocado, Portable Beer Bread, Cheese Enchiladas
Not so great.  The hot wings were not good. The flavor was bland and had hardley any sauce.  I had the stuffed numero one-o that tasted very bland and had too much cheese so it melted on my plate. The person next to me had the thin crust which looked pretty good. The wait was extremely long which eould have been okay if food had been worth it. On top of it all it was a little pricy for pizza. I would not recommend this place.
The pretty grounds and the relaxed down-on-the-farm atmosphere make this a great place to have lunch outdoors.  The food is casual, tasty and the service friendly.  It is very popular so, you might prefer to go there on off-hours.
Drive thru Is ok. Decent service. Surprised though tht the chicken burritos doesn't have any beans in it. It wa just a giant chicken taco... But ehh anyways it's not disappointing. Quick grab an munch.
Tacos and tostados were absolutely delicious. Delicious meal, loved the vegetable tray you get as an appetizer. The place definitely looks a little sketchy outside, but the inside is nice. Highly recommend squeezing some lime on the tacos!
I ate here tonight and must say that this was the worst Thai that I've eaten. I love Thai but this was not up to par. I ordered shrimp wonton soup and it was chicken. My meal was supposed to be cashew prawns and I didn't taste or see a single cashew. I also ordered maximum spicy and the was no heat. If I wasn't feeling under the weather I probably would have complained. Oh well, I just won't go back.
Cabela's is awesome!  For starters, no, I'm not a hunter or fisher, but I do love stores like this for a variety of reasons.  

First and formost, you don't have to be a hunter or fisher to shop here.  Its really an outdoorsmans (or womans) paradise.  They sell a lot of everything, from camo to camping gear.  They have two floors, and most of everything is going to be on the first floor.  They sell mens and womans clothing, camping supplies, guns, knives, household items, archery stuff, boating supplies and tons more.

I find that they have a lot of great stuff for just about anyone.  I was really impressed with thier womans clothing selection, and the prices on some of thier items were a heck of a lot cheaper then Bass Pro Shop by far.  (bass pro shops clothes are wwwaaaayyy over priced!)  Im talking general clothing here, not specialty clothing such as camo, fishing or hunting gear.

The place here also has a really great little cafe upstairs, and staff are located everywhere, and seem to be friendly and helpful.  They even have a bargin room with discounted supplies and some clothing, but I found it to be a bit picked over, so I didnt purchase anything.

Cabelas also has an amazing display of live fish, and wildlife that is a sight to be seen.    Lots of game catches over the years that are on display, that you can observe and really enjoy!  This place is worth the trip, for any enthusiast really.
= = = =  THIS REVIEW IS FOR GC'S SUNDAY BREAKFAST + LUNCH BUFFET  = = = =


It's been nearly a year so I dropped back into this GC today (Sunday) for lunch, arriving at 10:45 AM to enjoy both the Breakfast & Lunch Buffets.  This gives you an extra large array of over 150 items to choose from, not including sauces & dressings, as they gradually change over to the lunch menu.

Some of my favorite tastes today were the various fruit drinks, tasty hot ham, tender, delicious Prime Rib (Yes, really!), several kinds of fish, "bacon candy", breaded, deepfried bacon (OMG!), cheesy hashbrowns, good Corned Beef Hash, S-word on a Shingle, their always good fried chicken & much more.  They were also cooking up custom ordered omelets and broiling thick sirloin steaks to order.

So is this place some kind of big calorie, cholesterol, sugar & salt extravaganza??

YES!!     :-))     YES!!     :-))

SOOOOO, skip the vegan place once in a while & come here to pig out & have a great time for a low price!

Arrive before 11 AM & it's $8.49/$7.99 Sr. includes widest food selection & unlimited beverages including various fruit juices, milk, sodas, coffee, & so on.

Arrive after 11 AM & it's $7.99/$7.49 Sr., beverages extra (sort of).
Not your usual used book store.  If you are after a musty, disorganized old store and a leisurely search for "buried treasure" this is not the place.  Extremely well organized at Bookmans, with shelves labeled and stock neatly arranged and categorized correctly.  Shopping here is more like Barnes and Noble than what you might think of as a used book store.

Don't expect all, or even most of your old books to be accepted in trade.  They have a lot of the best-sellers and don't want more copies.  But try anyway.  Trade credit is liberal.  Cash value nominal.

Lots of electronic entertainment as well.  The place is huge so you can certainly spend a pleasant hour or so browsing.  I'll go back, but with more realistic expectations about trade-ins!

Tucked behind another building so be patient and get off the street into the lot.  In the same plaza as Hobby Bench, which is more visible from 19th than Bookmans.
I love this place. The man at the register (I'm assuming the owner?) is always friendly, and the food is fantastic. I've had the gyros/salad, hummus, dolmas, and falafel, and they are all great. Oh--and I recently just tried the Baba Ghanouj and discovered that, although I am not a huge fan of eggplant, it is good. Although, it may be because they make it well...I might not be able to eat it at just any place.

Oh yeah, and they don't carry marinara or ranch (for my mozz sticks) or sourkraut (for my friend's Chicago dog), and, normally, I would be pretty bummed about that, but the rest of the food makes up for it; it will not deter me from ordering again. And, I discovered that mozzarella sticks dipped in tzatziki sauce are not bad!

[I am not a connoisseur of Chigaco dogs, or any other "Chicago-style" food, but my friend said his was very good, and that is a big deal coming from him--especially when missing the kraut.]
They where incredibly excellent for awhile but now they seem to be falling more and more. Even the beer is warm now. Don't know what has happened.
Fast delivery And Fast delivery and good subs
Excellent and prompt service.  Cool place.  It's a bar, glow in the dark bowling, and the waitresses are cool too.
Coffee tastes great.  Service was a little questionable.  I don't mind having to wait a bit for coffee - I understand that quality takes time.  But I think it would help to have more than one person making the drinks on a Saturday morning.  I waited in a line with about 6 people in front of me and didn't have my drink until 20 minutes later.  Also, the drink was wrong.  I ordered a hot salted caramel latte and ended up with an iced regular caramel latte - and yes, it was definitely my order.  I drank it anyway and it was pretty good.  I went back later to give it a second chance and finally got my salted caramel latte.  It was amazing... I added a sprinkle of cinnamon and it was a glorious fall beverage.  Also, the price was reasonable - I love that they don't add tax.  I recommend this place, but make sure they take your order correctly.
TERRIFIC service! My insurance recommended Steve's Hardy Glass and Mirror Company to me when I called about the cracked front windshield. They came right to my front door, absolutely no inconvenience whatsoever. Thanks so much guys for a job well done! I would without a doubt recommend Hardy Glass to anyone who needs a replacement. FIVE STARS!!! :)
It seems to be a constant challenge to find a bar and restaurant in the east valley that is not only NOT a chain but that also has a great atmosphere, an attentive wait staff, a fabulous wine list, and a unique food selection (without being too out of the ordinary).   Vintage 95 has all of these!  Not to mention how refreshing it was to deal with a hostess, Jocelyn,  that wasn't 16 years old and actually knew what she was doing!  When we were seated our waitress, Emily was friendly, knowledgeable, attentive,  and never rushed us.  The wine list is extensive, however, I think they should add more low range wines in the $25-$35 range to their list.   The warm and cozy decor of the place makes you want to stay and eat and drink for hours.  The outdoor patio in the back has a great fire pit and romantic lighting.  I HIGHLY suggest making a reservation or you could be waiting a long time for a table.  There was a problem with one of our entrees and the manager took care of it immediately.  I look forward to my next visit to Vintage 95.
By far the best Italian food I've had outside of Italy.  If you eat there earlier they give you 15% off the total bill and it fills up really quick.  I would say you need reservations if you want to eat anytime after 6.
Totally just made a believer out of me. Woke up this morning with a flat, which naturally put me in the world's worst mood all day. Schedule an appt online (very nifty feature by the way,) only to arrive here hours later, still in the world's worst mood. What can I say, when I get there it can be tough to pull me out. Until my first experience at this Discount Tire that is...

Place is running like a well-oiled machine. Tons of employees, everybody hustling, not a soul standing around, efficiency at its finest. I have a roofing nail in my tire which I yelled at my bf about for an hour this AM as he lives in Cave Creek and my argument was that no one in Phoenix (where i live) can afford new roofs, so this obviously happened in his neck of the woods and was therefore his fault. Great argument, I know.

Anyhow, patch job totally complete (at 5pm on a Friday nonetheless) in 35 freakin' minutes! And get this, they call my name to tell me my car is ready to go, I go to pull out my wallet, and the lovely man says "NO CHARGE." Are you freakin' kidding me?! No charge?! Is it because I'm a girl? Not likely, I look about as good as I felt when I walked in there. Is it because of my charm? Certainly not. Remember the whole "World's worst mood" sentiment from earlier? Sadly the lovely employees were not spared. Is it because I scheduled an appt online? I doubt it because that's just stupid. I asked repeatedly why there was a total of $0.00 on my receipt, and all they kept saying to me was "Just come back and see us again." What a novel freakin' idea. Repair my flat for free on some tires I definitely didn't buy there, and hope that leaves a good enough taste in my mouth to purchase tires there next time I need them. You know what? It totally did. Bravo Discount Tire! Most pain-free car fixing experience of my 11 years of driving.
Here's the thing.....you ever felt like you were being stared at the WHOLE TIME you were in some place?  Was it the Red Sox hat?  Dunno, cause my resemblance to a famous C&W singer was obscured by the hat and glasses.  Just had a weird vibe.  I also found the staff, and their friends at the bar unfriendly.  The beer selection was good, but you can get half of it in a store.  I was also somewhat charmed and somewhat put off by the handwritten labels on some of the taps.

It's cheaper than Four Peaks, but in no way as good.
Press Coffee is a great coffee house with great coffee. Be aware though they will try to up sell their coffee every so often. For example if you ask for a iced toddy with light or no ice they will either still give you Ice or will charge you for the next size larger. This is unethical. If you order a 16oz. Then no matter the amount of ice in the cup one should still only pay for a 16oz. I didn't know there was an additional charge for lack of ice displacement.
I like this nail shop. They are clean and pamper you.  However they can be a bit pushy on their upsells. If you go, I suggest Cindy for nails/manicures and Rose for pedicures. I didn't care for Kelly she is not good at acrylic nails and insists on doing it her way after I told her a million times that I didn't like it her way.
I approve, but I'll never be loyal. I have been a Sunflower patron since I moved to AZ and was a little sore that I had to switch to Sprouts when we moved to Arcadia. I know they are essentially the same store, but I was so comfy in my Sunflower box, I didn't want to adjust. Oh well, now I have Sprouts and I can't complain.

Prices are good, especially when you start to notice how Whole Foods has been burned a hole right through your wallet and then some. Produce is affordabe but seems to mostly come from Mexico which is no bueno for the locavore. Packaged foods selection is also decent, though the frozen section is kind of lacking. Well, seriously lacking. But I'm not one to commit to just one grocery store anyway. 

Not  fan of the breads made here, which is probably for the best considering my astronomical carb intake could stand to be slightly curbed anyway. Great bulk section - love stocking up on grains, flours and nuts. Overall, I come here because it's close, it doesn't suck, and it's the best natural grocer alternative to my he old favorite. It doesn't make me feel warm and fuzzy like Sunflower, but it's better than Safeway!
This location is the sole reason that after 13 years, we are no longer AirTouch/Verizon customers, and will never, ever be again. I went in to upgrade my phones one afternoon only to be accosted by an angry, pimply faced little elf of an employee. He was disrespectful, got in my face, and talked down to me the entire time when all I had wanted was two new phones. When I got sick of his attitude I demanded a manager and he said there wasn't one. As if. He then called security, which is when I REALLY got mad! I began yelling at the top of my lungs when "magically" a manager appeared out of the back room to investigate the commotion. The manager sent the kid on a "walk" and apologized profusely, saying they've had problems with him before. My question was: WHY THE HELL DOES HE STILL WORK THERE?!?! He asked what he could do to make us happy and I asked for the regional manager's phone number. He provided the regional manager's cellular number, which I promptly called. After explaining what had happened, both managers agreed to cancel our two accounts with no early cancellation fees. Woot.
Found myself virtually-not literally- tweaking over business concerns recently and needed to get off the road, take a breath, and reload. Earlier in the day,while briefly boobing on the tube, I happened to catch Andrea Robinson's favorable comment on Villa Deli and I put an organic bookmark on it.  Later that day, and by pure happenstance, Villa was between me and where I needed to be, when I needed that break.
Synchronicity is alive and well. Perfect time, perfect place.
   Bright, clean, comfortable, uncluttered, friendly and efficient, their $6 sub was exactly the right Rx for sanity on the day. Simple pleasures.
It isn't often I opt for a grocer for lunch, but AJ's is a great little place for a quick bite. Whether you are in the mood for some spicy orange chicken, a handmade 'deli style' sandwich and pickle, or some poached salmon, AJ's has a little something for everyone. During the weekdays they also do an outdoor BBQ with pulled pork sandwiches and tasty grilled burgers of goodness.

The real treat about AJ's - you can do all this and still pick up some of your specialty grocery items. The floral section of AJ's has some great picks that would make any dining room table brighten up (or your girlfriend), and the bakery case is one of my favorite places. In the morning coffee is served at the bakery and you can grab a tasty pastry. 

AJ's is much more than just great groceries, with floral, lunch, a grill, and a bakery case that is filled with tasty morsels, what's not to love?
I was in Scottsdale this past weekend for a little R&R before attending a conference at the Hyatt at Gainey Ranch.  My friend and I went out to Old Town for dinner one night without any reservations- - we wanted to walk around an see what looked good.   We found ourselves at Cowboy Ciao for dinner.  We only waited about 20 minutes (sat at the bar) before a table opened up.  While we were at the bar, the bartender (a woman, I did not catch her name), was very friendly. 

We were given a table for dinner pretty quickly.  First, the service during dinner was top notch.  Our waiter helped us select a great wine from their huge wine list.  We told him what we liked "white, not too sweet" and our price range, and he gave us a great recommendations.   On to the food-

We didn't try any appetizers because we were determined to make it to the dessert round, based upon the delicious sounding desserts on the menu.   I really liked the fact that the menu had about 8-10 solid entree choices (in addition to a ton of small plates, salads, etc.) - - not too big, not too small.  When I see a restaurant trying to be "all things to all people" with a huge menu, I always wonder how many of the ingredients are actually fresh as opposed to frozen.  While I certainly wasn't in the kitchen, I can say that both of our meals tasted fresh.  

I ordered a slow cooked pork shank which fell off the bone with a fork.  It was freaking amazing!  It came with these fingerling potatoes in a garlic cream sauce that was out of this world.  Nice big portion of food, too.  My friend ordered a swordfish steak with a light cream sauce and vegetables.  I tried a bite and it was really good - the sauce was light and did not over power the fish.  Overall, 2 delicious meals.  

Onto dessert - - despite our efforts to save room for dessert, I found myself starring down the dessert round with a very full belly of pork and potatoes.  But alas, we are not ones who give up easily.  We ordered the chocolate bread pudding to share.  It came with some smokey chocolate ice cream.   I wasn't the biggest fan of the smokey chocolate ice cream, as I am not a "smokey" flavor person.  But my friend liked it and it was on the side so it did not stop me from diving into the chocolate bread pudding, which was really, really, really good.  

Overall, I would definitely come back here if I find myself in Scottsdale again.  We had a great meal.
Great pizza, but not worth the trouble of the wait.  You can get wine next door, while you wait, but the attraction of the place is due to great publicity.  Try once and decide if the hassle is worth it.  I won't go back.
Grabbed lunch with a girlfriend last Saturday on 7/27.  We had both been before but it had been years since we last frequented.  We were there around noon and it was still pretty dead.  We were seated right away, and quickly decided to splitsy the Jr Caesar salad and the meatball sub (is it me or can you tell who's a close friend if you can splitsy meals?!)  The JUNIOR salad was enormous, and we should have used our better judgement and got the Jr meatball as well...but our roaring stomachs got the better of us.  We each only got through half of our half, and left a lot of salad on the plate.  Food was good but not great - caesar is pretty generic and the meatball sub is as good as a meatball sub can be.  3 stars for consistency and large portions and reasonable prices - we got outta there with an $8 tab each.
A lot of us at Pucci go there for happy hour. They offer some great deals. Definitely try their soft shell crab slider, Incredible. Their food is pricey on the dinner menu but it is as fresh as it comes with great presentation. Go there
I drove past this place soooo many times and I am now kicking myself.  This is possible the best pizza I have ever had.  The decor of the restaurants is amazing and they had a fantastic menu.  The service was amazing!  Just a great place! I still can't believe how cheap my bill was. Prices for pizza are very reasonable considering the quality of ingredients you are getting.
Melrose Vintage is a mix between a really kitsch baby store, a hole in wall decorator spot with one of a kind antiques and hard to find fabrics, and a great scrapbook store with endless options all in one great boutique. Who knew?! 
I wandered in here in search of some cute scrapbook paper for some invitations I was making. I found the store on a blog; I've been doing paper arts for years and had never heard of this store even though it's been around for quite some time. 
If you like the shabby chic look, then Melrose Vintage will inspire and empower. They've decorated this place to the hilt, and just walking in here will spark creativity. 
They offer classes - I used to teach paper arts, and actually have a degree in Graphic Design so I kinda know a few things - and their classes are really great. They have a lot of different options and their prices are reasonable. 
Parking can be a nightmare, and you might have to be patient. 
There are plenty of places to wander in within a 5-10 mile radius, so I would take advantage of the location.
Seriously fabulous date night and happy hour.  

We love the CHOP - a huge pork chop flavored and cooked perfectly.

Happy Hour is $2.50 draft beer!

We love the dark moody ambience and the casual comfortable atmosphere.  

Service was really good.  No complaints about my expereince, and we will certainly be back!
This place was pretty much dead when I visited. The dirt road and fires were kind of cheesy to be honest but entrance was free and it's a unique environment. The gun show was the saving grace. For only $5, you get to see quite the performance and there's many different shows to see.
Moved here recently and must say a great place. I love it. Great organic veges and superb fresh fish with very friendly folks at the counter. Will be back
Best Vietnamese Place in the Entire Phx Metro area!  Locations sucks but the food is sooo good...it is worth the drive!
What can be better than sitting in an open air bar on a beautiful Spring afternoon, sipping on a freezing cold Moscow Mule while listening to live music? 

Answer: not much.

I had a really great time at this bar. It was packed with Spring Training out of towners, locals both young and old and just all around good people. The vibe is super chill and down-to-earth. The bartenders are busy, but friendly.

They always have live music here, but it's never too loud to down out your conversation. 

I loved the Moscow Mule and the cool copper mug it comes in ($15 if you don't return it!), but the margarita on the rocks was not too good. Stick to what a dive is good at: beer and the occasional house cocktail.

Will definitely return.
I LOVE pizza, so needless to say I am very particular when it comes to eating at a pizzeria, I was visiting in Phoenix and 2 block away I saw this pizza place so I decided to stop by and try them out  WOW!! what a treat! the pizza is fabbbbbulous, deeeeelicious, yummmmmmy, and the crust is to die for, I had a Pepperoni, mushroom, bell pepper, and GARLIC pizza all I can say is, it's the BEST yet, too bad it is over 300 miles for me to have to go to eat,  If your ever in Phoenix, AZ  please stop by it won't disappoint!
the people were very friendly, seems like lots of locals eat here, I've been here a week and I've eaten there 3 times, that should tell you something about the place, plus they have lots of 'Golf' memorabilia all around the place and I love golf, so stop by and let me know what you think.
This place is dangerous! So good, and addicting. I especially like that they incorporate southwestern flavors in some of their plates.
Tried the house chicken which is a brown sauce with mushrooms on top of a bowl of rice.  The chicken was barely there but there were a ton of mushrooms.  The menu indicated it would be spicy but it was not.  Then also got the beef fried rice which had like 4 pieces of beef and maybe needed a little salt/soy sauce.  And had the 2 veggie rolls.  

Only reason I gave it 2 stars is because  the little old man at the register was SUPER nice.  Seems like he remembers his regulars.  He was upbeat and really in charge.  We ate in and there were people in and out of that place like it was a hot spot.

Maybe I ordered the wrong thing, but I was not satisfied.
I visited for a Sunday lunch (yesterday).  

The food was good.  . .your typical bar food but the portions were quite large.  The server was friendly and prompt.

I left happy.
Good food, very fair price, and a nice variety on the lunch menu. The service was pretty quick. I ordered the sweet basil with beef and was not disappointed. I would gladly go back.
Sorry folks I just didn't get what all hub hub is about , it wasn't bad but it was nothing to get excited about. To tell you the Hod's honest truth I have had better breakfast at some local Greek diners and with bigger portions to boot. Maybe I went in with great expectations after reading the reviews and catching the Guy's triple D show, and was expecting manna from the God's. I had to chuckle when our name was called and proceeded to the hostess where we expected to be walked to our table but instead she pointed to a far away table and were told to it there, I guess there's a first time for everything. I would give Matt's a middle of the road review and it's worth a try if your in the area, but I for one would never wait more then 15 minutes to be seated it's just not the old.
My husband made reservations here for mother's day brunch.  We have been wanting to try Bella Luna for several months and were looking forward to a delicious meal after church today.  We really wanted to love this restaurant - it is close, quaint, and not a chain restaurant.  Unfortunately, the meal and the service were both not at all what we expected.  The  brunch menu was extremely limited.   My crepes came out cold - literally, cool to the touch as if they had been sitting out for a long time after they were cooked.  My husband loved his chicken and mushroom crepe, and his meal was nice and warm covered in a sauce that he raved about.  Our son ordered a lentil soup and a pasta dish - when they brought our meals, they had nothing prepared for our son.  We, of course, waited until his meal was prepared before we ate, which took another 10 - 15 minutes.  For mother's day, they offered all of the mom's a single strawberry that had been dipped in chocolate.  Unfortunately, they placed this single strawberry on a hot plate, so the chocolate was melting off of the chilled strawberry.

As much as we wanted to adore this little restaurant, it just was not anything special at all today.
$5 wines and beer 11-5 every day. We love their bruschetta, one order is enough to fill up my fiancé and I.
Not impressed whatsoever. Everything here tasted a little off, and it was very expensive. I've been here twice and my favorite thing in Chinese restaurants is hot and sour soup. Gourmet House of Hong Kong's hot and sour soup is an abortion. The ingredients in the soup are weird looking, the shrimp are little brine shrimp looking things about the size of a pencil eraser, and the taste of the soup is really gross. It's sweet and kind of tastes like bad faucet water.

As for the main dishes, they lack taste. My Kung Pao Chicken was completely bland, and this is supposed to be a spicy dish! For Chinese food this place is pretty gross, and I'm surprised at how many people love it. I guess there is no accounting for taste, which most folks apparently don't have.
I'm definitely a fan of this place. It's become a regular lunch spot for me; usually at least once a week. I kept hearing about their burger from my co-workers, and they were absolutely right about it: It's delicious!

They have a nice selection of beers, the staff is super friendly, the atmosphere is very open and welcoming. The only detractor I found was that the prices are a bit higher than I'm used to. Given that this is the Scottsdale Quarter, however, the prices are certainly not out of line.
We were in Scottsdale for the Thanksgiving Holiday and wanted an easy breakfast away from our hotel.  Perk Eatery definitely fit the bill.

Perk is a pleasant cafe serving up good breakfast and really good coffee as friendly as can be.  You'll find old standards on the menu along with some more unique options.  A lot of the menu has a southwestern bend to it.  

My wife ordered a breakfast burrito that she was enamored with.  I had a Sonoran-inspired scrambled egg offering that suffered from excess moisture from the salsa, but was quite appealing.  Our son enjoyed his pancakes and toast.

I would recommend Perk to anybody.  Especially those that may have small children.  It's located in a strip mall as are most things in Scottsdale.
Place is AMAZING!  Food is great, service is great, and atmosphere is delightful.  Everything is fresh and their restaurant branded syrup is so good!
I tried Verde on a Tuesday night after reading a review in the paper. Chef recommends! I ordered the green chile pork which I was advised was the spiciest dish on the menu. I love spicy food but don't let that fool you. Just the right amount of heat. Very reasonably priced at about $8 it was served with two homemade tortillas and rice and beans. Perfect size portion too. Hopefully in the next month or so they'll have their liquor license to serve beer. Casual dining...order at the counter and then grab and open table. Plenty of on street parking available, though you have to plug the meter until 8 pm during the week.
One of my goals in life is to never have to do dry cleaning.....I like to be a wash & wear kind of gal.  Sadly, I am unsuccessful in this goal. I do ok most of the time, but occasionally I just have to get something dry cleaned. 

If I have to do it, I go to Catalina.  First, they are super close to my house, and that works great for me.  Easy to pop in before or after work.

Secondly, they are a same day cleaner - in by 9 out by 4.  This is great for me, as I have a history of abandoning clothes to their fate at the dry cleaners because after 24 hours I forget they ever existed (until I am tearing apart my closet 6 months later wondering where the &%($ my dress went.)

They are always friendly and quick to help when you go in, and they take the time to ask about anything that might require special treatment. 

The last, but not least reason I love them, is they are super cheap, and always have coupons.  I think the current price is $2.50 per item, but I could be wrong.  I do know they've raised the price from the $1.75 they were 8 years ago.  Overall if I have to get dry cleaning done, at least this eases my pain.
Good selection of items.  Of course the prices are a little high.  Watch out because not all the produce is organic.
So while you shop at the grocery store....check out the awesome dim sum place inside......damn.....this is the best in Arizona so far. Lots of variety. Makes me want to sum dim.....hmmm....
This gets a 5 Star Dive Bar rating because it excels at things that make dive bars great:

1. Cheap booze.

2. Great food. Also cheap. Go for the burgers.

3. Jukebox with a solid 70s, 80s, and 90's selection.

4. Games. Pool, darts, and a vintage bowling arcade.
I love Animal Care Hospital. We have two cats and a dog, and they've provided excellent care for all three. One of our cats has been boarded there a few times and I appreciate that I can trust them to take good care of him. 

The dog has gone there after spending the night at the emergency vet and the difference is stark--Animal Care Hospital always makes sure to ease our fears about whatever is going on with our animals and doesn't cost an arm and a leg. Well, except for the time the dog got his teeth cleaned and one broken tooth pulled, that cost more than our rent. But still, they did a great job and they made sure that the dog, who is considered senior at age 7, was screened for any complications and I like that they use anesthesia that is considered more safe. (Sorry, I don't really know much about it but they have info in their office about it.)

I do have a pretty strong preference for Dr. Temple vs. Dr. Halver, although they're both wonderful. I think find Dr. Temple to be more engaged and she's extremely willing to answer every single question I have, whereas Dr. Halver isn't always as thorough with my questions. Then again, I ask a ton of questions and he's always provided excellent care, so I wouldn't hesitate to recommend him to friends.

Dr. Temple is also a relaxed person, and she's willing to explore all the possibilities and be up front about how much things are going to cost and what's necessary and what can wait until the cheaper treatment option is given a chance to work. 

My only negative is that I have to agree with a previous review about them pushing the expensive Valley Fever test, that's happened to us too and I really don't think it was necessary since the dog didn't have many, if any, symptoms of having it. They didn't use extreme scare tactics but there was some guilt-tripping going on, but for all I know they're just hyper-aware of the perils of dogs getting Valley Fever. I'll give them the benefit of the doubt. 

One huge bonus for me is that Joyce, who is almost always the one to answer the phones and make our appointments, is incredibly competent and always puts me in a good mood. She seriously makes my day whenever we go in because she does her job well and treats everyone with such respect, and she's as good with animals as she is with people.
Love this place. Open late so I often stumble in here after the bars or on my way home from a late movie at Harkins Camelview. Yummy subs -- the hot subs are all delicious and you really can't go wrong. Friendly employees and fairly loud music playing, usually throwback hip-hop/rap. 

My fav is the Tombstone (meatball) with just parm. cheese. 

Open until 3AM every day.
The perfect place for day drinking and brunch on a lazy weekend, Maizee's benefits from an ideal location right off the rail and not far from shopping up the Camelback Corridor. Give me a San Tan Devil's Ale on tap and the Tangy Turkey wrap any day of the week. The Ancho Salmon Salad is also the cat's pajamas. 

Beyond the reliable food and casual atmosphere, Maizie's delivers on service, which in this town is never a given.
Mr. Sushi ... The restaurant has change a couple of different owner ever since i land my footstep here in Arizona (since '99).

It seems to be a decent place when you have a sudden urge to have sushi. It's also a great place for those out there that want to try sushi for the first time. 

There are abundant of rolls ...enough to start their own sushi roll wiki and too many for my taste bud. I usually prefer sashimi. The fish quality is pretty good. Most of the dishes is not quite pricey and they have plenty of choices to go around that will feed everyone in the family including the kids. 

Some of the rolls here is better than Zen 32 in Scottsdale, which is more $$$$.. Anyway it's a different enviroment that cater to different crowds.
Let me start by saying I love the food at Flo's. I don't think I have ever been disappointed in anything I have ever eaten there. The curries are a standout for me; particularly the Malaysia Cashew Beef and the Green Chicken Curry. Yum. Well, the hubby hated the atmosphere...too noisy due to concrete and scraping of chairs on said concrete...so if we want Flo's for dinner it is carryout only. One of my gal pals is always up for going out to lunch and loves the food at Flo's, too. We go there fairly frequently. Or should I say, we used to go there fairly frequently. Monday was the last straw. We sit down, with menus to the side and start yakking. A minute or two goes by and before our server has even come by, the food runner plunks down our salads and fried won tons. Now mind you, we have not ordered food yet, let alone DRINKS. Are you kidding me? Who serves the salad course before drinks are even ordered? Tacky. Super tacky. We looked at each other incredulously. Now here comes our "charming" server. Who waited on me last time I was there, by the way,  and was every bit as "charming". She opens with: "Are you ready to order" no "Hello", no "May I get you something to drink"...girlfriend is cutting right to the chase. I look up and simply say I would like an iced tea. Gal pal Sue replies, "Yes the same for me". Then Ms Personality asks if we are ready to order. I say "No" as coldly as she asks us. Yuk. What a buzz kill. Okay. Things went fairly fine after that. She came by two more times (with a little less 'tude) and on the third we did order. Of course it came out with lightening speed, and of course it was delicious. It is also such a good deal for lunch with most entrees served with salad coming in at around 7-8 bucks a pop. So, I have a couple of questions: Is the management so bad that they make everybody miserable who work there? And why the rush rush rush? It is a large restaurant, we were there at the tail end of lunch, and clearly not in a hurry. The joint was half empty. I have waited tables and I know that working the lunch shift kind of sucks because you don't turn your tables. But I tip accordingly if I overstay my welcome. Good look doing that at Flo's. We were still in and out of there in less than an hour even with our delay tactics.
I honestly was not impressed with their award winning wings. They were too small, barely covered in sauce, and even the sauce was nothing impressive. The bad tasting ice over powered the flavor of my sons Shirley temple. But service was great, environment was fun, lots of different shows on the tv's. I could see coming here for drinks with the crew would be fun here :)
This place really sucks, no one knows anything here, it seems like some of the employees are monkeys. They don't know anything probably are mad because they get paid minimum wage. I would never recommend any one there the ladies that work there are fat and always talking about their huge weekend consisting of eating food and becoming more fatter than their own mothers
I'm not sure if it was an off night or what, but def not impressed. We chose this location after viewing all the Yelp reviews...Yelpers you let me down:-( This place sucked! If it weren't for the fact that we got here so late we would've gone to a different restaurant. We ordered quite a huge variety and actually asked the waitress to recommend all the well reviewed by customer dishes. They were either bland or not memorable. As we were staying at The Phoenician it was a bit of a trek and not worth it in the slightest. I def would not go back or recommend.
M and I came here for a Sunday brunch to get caught up with the latest and greatest.  We opted to sit in the patio.  It was a nice and warm day.  The patio is doggy friendly!!!   That is cool.  I would love to bring my dogs, but I think I will eat the other (small) dogs for brunch.  =)  

They have a great brunch menu but I opted for the Grilled Chicken Pie flatbread (it was calling my name) and a side of french fries.  M ordered the biscuits & beer gravy for $10 includes your choice of a 10oz AZ beer.  The flatbread was so good.  Flavorful, light thin bread, and baked to perfection.  M's biscuits and beer gravy was very good too.

Why 4 stars?  The service was good but slow.
Is it possible to have a crush on a coffeeshop?

This place is, by far, my favorite new discovery in ages.  I've been driving past it on my way to and from work for ages but never had the time to stop in.  I have friends who rave about the place and go regularly, so I really wanted to check it out.  I finally did this past Saturday (5/31) and I scolded myself for not having done so sooner.

My friend and I found a parking space out back in the tiny parking lot and walked in not really knowing what to expect.  One patron sat at a table with her laptop and the rest of the place was empty.  The friendly girl at the counter took our orders and gave her own recommendations for cool drinks.  I took her up on her suggestion of a peach smoothie.  It was wonderful - like drinking pureed peaches!  I took a sip of my friend's latte and knew I would be ordering one of my own at some point in the near future.  Before taking our drinks, my eyes lingered over the cupcakes on display; I must admit I drooled a bit.

Because it was such a nice night, we sat outside and enjoyed our drinks.  It wasn't long before more people showed up.  A group of older folks joined us outside and a few other groups and couple settled inside.  My mind kept going back to the cupcakes I saw earlier, and I ended up going inside to buy one.  My choices were vanilla, red velvet, lemon, and strawberry (I think).  Not only were the cupcakes quite sizeable, but they had sprinkles - goldfish and piggies!  Very nice touch.  I ended up selecting a vanilla funfetti cupcake with bright blue icing and goldfish sprinkles.  It wasn't anything spectacular - just a cupcake made from a box cake mix - but it was a very nice treat and that much more special due to the fishies.  I know - it doesn't take much to make me happy.

I've since been back twice and have used the very convenient drive-thru.  The first time, the man who came out to greet me asked if I had my stamp card after he took my order.  When I told him I didn't, he told me he would give me one, and he did - along with three stamps!  that morning I had another peach smoothie and decided to try the red velvet cupcake.  The smoothie was just as ood as the first, but this cupcake was VERY tasty - much better than the vanilla funfetti.  I stopped again this morning and ordered a vanilla latte.  That sucker far surpassed the vanilla lattes I usually get at Starbucks.

I love supporting local businesses, and I'm only too happy to return to Copper Star time and again.  I suggest you do, too!
The happy hour specials are great!  We love coming here to try the hand crafted cocktails - they're so good, and food is yummy as well.  I definitely recommend this place for a chill night out.
Great place to have lunch or lounge at deck overlooking the pool! They have a great variety of dishes and pretty healthy too! I didn't stay there but have heard mixed stories. Maybe it is better just to go and eat there instead! ;-P
It is a nice place. Actually when i have just come in, everything seems to look normal. Nothing different frm other nail salons. However, when a lady did manicure and pedicure for me, she did really good service. She always smile a lot, and made you feel comfortable. I will come back soon and tell my friends abt this salon cause they did a good job.
I was not impressed with the yogurt at all. I hated not knowing how much I was going to pay. Golden spoon is much better when it comes to taste. The only two things that were pluses were the plethora of toppings (who puts siracha on their yogurt?) and all the hot girls in the place. There was seriously 20 smoking hot ladies inside and maybe two other guys besides myself. It was amazing. It must be because this place actually markets their product as being "healthy" who are they kidding?!?! So if you want overpriced mediocre froyo surrounded by ASU's finest women then this is the place for you.
I saw Amy B's review the other day, and decided to check out the Breakfast Joynt, as it is pretty close to where I work. The decor is a little unusual for a breakfast and lunch place- normally these places are, shall we say, kitchen-y and perky- but here, it's a little more like a friendly pub with all the cherry wood, but decorated with paintings rather than roadside kitsch. 

I ordered the traditional breakfast. My over-easy eggs were a little raw, but the hash-browns were crispy, just as I had ordered them, and flavorful, with a hint of onion. The bacon was thick and delicious, and the pancakes were yummy in spite of a somewhat chewy texture. The coffee was fine, and I appreciated the giant glasses of water. 

The owners and staff were all very friendly, and when I asked one of them about what was in the pancake batter, she said she would have the chef come to my table. He was a great guy, and admitted that he was disappointed with the texture of the pancakes himself of late, and planned to adjust the recipe. 

I'm sure I'll be back to try other items on the menu. It's not the Good Egg where you have an overwhelming 4 page menu, but everything on the Breakfast Joynt's menu is a breakfast or lunch classic. They have healthy options as well, such as fruit and yogurt and items made with only egg-whites. Then again, they also have a Monte Cristo and chicken fried steak. Good thing Gold's Gym is right next door...
After I had made reservations at Seasons 52 i did a little research and found out what they were about.  their menu consists of meals that are under 450 calories i believe, which is a neat concept.  When we arrived for our reservation we were early so we waited at the bar and had wine.  they had a woman playing a piano and singing which provided a nice atmosphere.  The lighting is kind of dim making the menu a little hard to read but not to bad.  I started to get a little upset as it was past our reservation time and we hadnt been seated.  I got fed up and was about to go ask them what was going on when the host finally buzzed us. He sincerely apologized for the wait and gave us our first appetizer on the house!! I thought that was great cause it showed they care about their customers.  As a free appetizer we had the stuffed mushrooms which were amazing!! they had such great flavor and was an explosion in my mouth!! For an entree i ordered a special that they had which was a surf and turf that wasnt on the menu and was not under 450 calories but was so worth getting!! they gave me a six ounce filet over garlic mashed potatoes with three stuffed jumbo shrimp and asparagus!! Needless to say i was in heaven.  We didnt have dessert but we were so stuffed after our meal we couldnt make room.  ONe of the best dining experiences I have had.  Will definitely go back again!!!!
Oh damn. This place is in a pretty innocuous-looking building (save for the Blue roof!) just outside downtown Mesa. A very casual atmosphere that was desolate at 4:30 but filled up entirely before 5:30. They serve 'a' Sleepy Dog beer (yay, locals!) but that's one more than you usually see on tap.  

I ordered the Carne Adobado (Adovada here, you know how Spanish be) and my Moms had the 'Taos' plate, which comes with a Chile Relleno and a bunch of other things that were unidentifiable under a blanket of cheese (not always a bad thing). 

The food came out within 20 minutes and was piping hot. It couldn't have been any better. The last 'chill' in Arizona before the swelter really starts had just hit, so the moment was perfect for something spicy. The adobado is basically cubes of pork in a spicy/powdery sauce with rice and beans on the side so you can make mini-tortillas out of the stuff. The pork is that "fall apart" slow-cooked type that takes years to master.

The server didn't seem to care much for us (the guy could not smile, I swear--but the Boston Marathon bombing had just happened so maybe he was affected) but he was quick and helpful. The price point here is "two" dollar signs but the adobado is really only one (10.95). Oh, before I forget, they are one of those rare Mexican places that still give you free chips and a tasty chipotle salsa.
We have been here twice now and had great service and food each time!  

Also LOVING the Veganizza! So wonderful to have a restaurant nearby that caters to my dietary "differences"
So if anyone's read my past reviews everyone knows I have had the best pizza in Portland. 

We have been to Cibo and Pizza Bianco and we didn't care for either of them. Just wasn't up to par with my expectations. So we came in very skeptical. 

First off they offer free valet which is the bomb. Second the fact that they took an old salon and refurbished the material and reused it in the new space. We loved the interior. Just so welcoming and inviting. The bar area looked so awesome. 

We were sat right away. We looked over the menu and decided on the calamari appetizer, spinach salad and the sausage pizza. I ordered a glass of wine also. 

I wish we could find a place that would do calamari like Ken's where it's sautéed instead of fried but alas It was still pretty good.  The salad was amazing. The spinach was so fresh and the bacon was so crispy and yummy! The pizza was the best part though. The crust was thin but not too thin and crispy but chewy at the same time. Not too much sauce and the sausage was so good. 

We were really glad we found this place. It's our new pizza place!! We cannot wait to take our friends.
Yum!  Beer and bread, what more could you ask for?
Their French onion soup is to die for. We like their cookies, their drinks, their soups, their salads, their sandwiches. Really nothing bad to say about this place. The service is good. I always enjoy coming here - really makes the day special. I do wish they had more things my 11 year old would eat. A basic grilled cheese or a hot dog perhaps?
I saw Dr. Bassett after terrible experiences with other dentists.  Although I initially wanted her to fix the cosmetic issues with my smile, she was most interested in my general health and well being.  She referred me to 3 other dental specialists (periodontist, endodontist and surgeon) before she would made a buck off me.  She was clearly focused on my best interests.   I had a very challenging case with gum, implant, wisdom tooth and cosmetic issues.  She didn't try fix it all herself which other dentists before her did unsuccessfully.  She is top-notch and would confidently recommend her to anyone that wants to solve dental issues right the first time around.  She may cost more than your average dentist, but it's definitely worth it in the long run.  She is fantastic!
I've been gone a long time away from home and I never - ever would have said this before now but, IMISSED MY WHATABURGER!!! 

I've eaten at so many other fast food burger places all of this country and in other countries that I can say with authority and confidence that this Whataburger will be one of the best fast food burgers you'll ever eat!  Sure there are better burgers, but not fast food!  In-N-Out is a very close tie however you get more burger for your money and the taste is just as good!
Never waist you time going there the service is rude the woman on the front doesn't know how to talk to people she's very stupid she need to learn how to keep her conments to her self better places around town with better services and better food and prices
Love the french toast!!  Overall food is very good, service patchy.  Lovely ambiance, on a nice day it is wonderful to sit on the patio.  Plates come with extras such as fruit, potato sides and a little pizzazz for presentation.  Be careful to avoid busy times, the wait can be prohibitive and parking is difficult.  I only go during the off times since I can't take two hours for breakfast!
Nothing special about these donuts. The ones that they gave me were either one or two days old. Dry and tasteless. You're better off going to a gas station to get your donuts.
I decided to take my Husband to Dominicks this past week for his Birthday dinner.  My Boss has been raving about this restaurant for awhile and since my Husband is a steak lover, I thought this would be the perfect option.  I made the reservation a few weeks in advance and called the week of to request a table poolside (per my Boss's recommendation).  I found it somewhat annoying that every time I called the restaurant I was put on hold for several minutes... this was mostly annoying because I called around noon each day; they certainly weren't busy then.  Anywho... upon our arrival I was happy to see my table request was accommodated, since they said that they couldn't guarantee it (not sure why since we were only 1 of 2 tables seated upstairs at 6:30 on a Thursday).

The decor upstairs is very nice.  It's kind of odd to see a small pool in the middle of the restaurant, but I thought it made for a nice ambiance.  Our waiter greeted us promptly and was very nice, friendly and knowledgeable.  All the the staff that helped him were also awesome.  We ordered some drinks and enjoyed the bread, which was served before the meal. My oh my was it good!  There was some onion bread, which was warm and cheese bread, which was also warm and quite good.  We shared the shrimp dominick for appetizer.  The sauce was garlicy-good!  This was the perfect start to our meal.  Each of us ordered steaks... I had the fillet and the Hubs (aka Birthday Boy) had the rib eye.  I really liked mine and thought it was cooked perfectly.  We both loved the sizzling plates they were served on.  The Hubs liked his steak, but would have preferred the fillet I got, since that is what he usually gets - liked the leaner meat.  We shared the dominick potatoes... talk about cheesy goodness.  We both could only have once serving, but it was like potato lasagna.  It was unbelievable!  

The restaurant gave a very nice slice of chocolate cake to the Hubs for his birthday, which was also very good.  He loved the whipped cream, which was served on the side.  Ultimately, we both had a great time at this restaurant.  The serve was quite good (other than a long wait for the check).  It was SUPER expensive, however, so for us this was only a special occasion place.
If you're on Twitter you'll see so many different places you can follow. Its cool to because they announce deals and such that are coming soon. For instance, Coup des Tartes tweeted that they would be running the Yelp Eats menu this past Friday and Saturday. I was super excited because the night I was supposed to go there was a family emergency and I had to cancel. Anyway, once we arrived we were given the standard menu so we asked about the Yelp Eats menu, "oh yeah sure". What was brought back was not the Yelp Eats menu but some 3 course prix fix menu for $25 that didn't even have one Yelp Eats item on it. No onion tart, no lamb shank etc.. VERY disappointing and irritating. Do not call a Ferrari a Corvette, no matter how you slice it, they aren't the same thing. 

Anyway.. ended up ordering the pate and onion tart appetizers. The pate is not house made and tasted like liverwurst, the onion tart was very good. However, once we learned that there was no wine service and a (correction, not $12) $9 corkage fee, that was the nail in the coffin, we were out the door. 

At the end of the day they falsely tweeted to get customers in the door then try to pass off something that isn't. Very misleading, the classic bait and switch apparently still works.
Did a dial in and pick up order.  Ordering was easy and picking up was even easier--- they had the food ready and lunch for 5 people was about $40!  That's pretty cheap considering it was 4 sandwiches with sides (small itty bitty sides) and a salad.  I had the tuna, it was good-- not the best tuna I have had but still good.

Everyone liked their meals, I think I will try for a salad next time, it was huge and my friend really liked it.  

The inside of Breadcrafters is really cute and they have a large variety of desserts and assorted fresh breads to buy.  I need to remember this next time I need desserts and fresh bread, typically around the holiday season.
My bf and I were looking for someplace to go horseback riding on our trip to Arizona and low and behold a groupon came up for MacDonald's Ranch. Perfect timing! We scheduled a two hour evening trail ride that set out at 5pm through the Sonoran Desert and it was absolutely beautiful! Our horses were very gentle (very important for a first timer like me) and followed our directions quite easily. They match up the horses to the riding experience of each person, so if you haven't riden on a horse before they will give you a horse that is calm, doesn't go very fast, etc. Shannon, our tour guide is the best! Ask for him if you plan to go. He is very knowledgeable about the plant life, environment, and the animals that inhabit the surrounding area. He's also very funny and down to earth, he even suggested some local restaurants to eat at if you wanted authentic cowboy food -- which meant meat, meat, and more meat. (We went, and it was yummy!) Back to the trail ride--it was a private tour, which was pretty romantic. We saw an abundance of animals: jackrabbits, coyotes and their cubs, and gray horned owls. As the ride went on, I began to feel more comfortable and adventurous with my horse and we began to trot. By the time we were heading back to the ranch the sun was setting and the sky was pink and purple, a great end to a fun ride. Even though we used the groupon I would have happily paid full price because we had such a great time.  I would definitely go back again to check out some of their other trail rides or packages; I believe they do cookouts too. And would recommend to friends and family for a great time!
So I've eaten here before for lunch and decided to stop by again to get what dish I always think back to... their amazing couscous.  

I showed up around 11am this Saturday and luckily there was no line as this is a popular place around lunch.  The staff looked like they were barely getting set-up for the day, so I took my time scanning the menu for what else I was going to eat that would accompany that amazing coucous I still recall.... turns out, they don't make it anymore.  WHAT A BUMMER!  I had been looking forward to it so much that when I didn't see it on their menu, I was secretly praying they called it something else besides couscous.  Oh well, whaddya do?

So I got the raspberry, goat cheese w/ pecan salad; side of chicken breast (for protein), and a small container of roasted sweet potatoes.  

My reviews:
Chicken breast: very good.  Lightly flavored w herbs, and freshly cooked (it was not overcooked) and sliced for me to eat with my salad;
Salad: very tasty combinations.  I loved that they were plentiful w/ the raspberries and the pecans.. the jicama was a nice muted contrast to the sweetness of the candied pecans and the tartness of the raspberries.. lettuce was fresh... and cheese was very plentiful.  Kudos to them for being generous with good ingredients.
Roasted SweetPot salad: one word: addicting.  It is a perfectly balanced mix of chili oil (I think), scallions, roasted and gently sweet sweet potatoes, and dried cranberries that together make up a very flavorful and intriguing mix that is very exciting to the palate.
Note that this sweetpot dish reminded me a lot of Liberty Market's sweetpot dish... though I liked this one more.. can't figure out what ingredient differs, but this one was at the addiction-level and it wasn't the sugar.

I wish they still had that amazing couscous, though..
Love the brunch!
If you are looking for a healthy, non-expensive place to eat, then this is for you!! Great location, and service. The tri-tip protein plate and jacked up PB&J protein shake is a few of the best items on the menu, but all are good for breakfast, lunch and dinner.

 I will definitely be back real soon!!
Great steak sandwiches!   Consistently good food and large portions!  Been going here for YEARS!  Only problem is they serve Pepsi products :(
Consistently great food. Nice happy hour
I am a big fan of Pita Jungle and now there is one on my side of town! This is a great location. I came for lunch with my daughter and I got a salad. Their salads are delicious. They are really good size and have lots of great toppings. I also like their pita's and hummus as well. The service is always great and the new location is clean, bright, and has both indoor and outdoor seating which with this great weather we are having I will be taking advantage of. The place isn't really that big so I am sure it is going to be full a lot but worth the wait. The food at Pita Jungle is always fresh and really good. This location was no different! 

I was at a party where there was dishes from this location as well. A hummus platter and some other things. Each item was nicely presented and the food was just as good as when you eat there. Good to know for gatherings and the holidays, the hummus platter was a big hit!
Enjoyed the ride to the town, nice twisty road with some scenery! Liked the Bar Stools...They were sadles. Food was decent and beer cold what more can ya ask for!!! ENJOYED THE DAY! and learned a little more history!!! Go early since the place is VERY BUSY with snowbirds and bikers!!!
Decent Chinese food, for Phoenix.  The hot and sour soup was actually very good, but didn't have a lot of extras.  The pork fried noodles were flavorful.  The spicy fish fillet in spicy oil was very underwhelming.  I asked for it to be very spicy and I didn't even think about breaking a sweat.  The broth was also rather bland. 

My three year old daughter loved the noodles, hence the 3 stars.
Awesome Monte Cristo! Staff is super friendly. Yoli's Cafe is so good that I had to make a yelp account just to write a review and recommend it. 5 stars all around.
My date and I attended the IB Anderson's Nutcracker last night.  I hadn't seen the Nutcracker since I was a little ballerina girl.  It was an absolutely AMAZING performance with stunning set changes.  The dancers were incredible and very fun to watch!  I would recommend this event to people of all ages as a "Must see".
I had this on my TO DO list for a very long time. Glad I finally visited. I went for the Sunday Music in the Park, which was nice, so was the BBQ & wine. Walking through & seeing all the amazing glass sculptures was awesome. So got a 3-4-1 experience: garden, glass, concert.  I would highly recommend to see before the glass exhibit is gone! I can't see it being anywhere near as fantastic otherwise.
I haven't had a full dining experience here yet, but I wanted to relay last nights delightful visit to FnB.  I swung by last night for dessert with the girls and FnB was packed. I love the decor and the new floor is exquisite and I think they've made it look a much lovelier dining experience all around, especially considering the space constraints. 

We waited a few moments at the door while Pavle and Co found us seats at the bar. Though we were there for sweets, Dottsy couldn't resist getting an order of the rock shrimp with jalapeno tartar sauce and god bless her. It was delightful! MMMM, now I want more of it...anyway, we went ahead and ordered 1 of each of the desserts on the menu (only 3 last night we're not animals). I ordered the apple ginger thingie (can't think of the name, sorry), Dottsy had the chocolate cherry bread pudding and Chrissy had the lemon creme brulee. The creme brulee blew me away, it was so delicate and lightly infused with lemon essence it was like a pillow of sugar deliciousness. The chocolate-cherry dessert was a mouth full of yum as well, and my apple ginger dessert was tasty, thought I like a bit more ginger zing in general. Ohh they are so good. 

The rest of the dinner menu looks fantastic as well. I will be back to test the rest of it out soon!
Good food, good happy hour.  Kinda of a trendy see and be scene Scottsdale place.  I do enjoy their patio on the canal.
If nothing else, you should visit Pomeroy's because there works the world's best bartender, Charlie.  A master of his craft, Charlie may also be the world's best grilled cheese chef.  I've watched him make them, he gives a shit.

Happy hour has 2 for 1 domestics on tap.  You know how some uptight bars won't serve you more than one drink at a time?  Oh no, not Pomeroy's.  They hand you two picture perfect ice frosted mugs filled with your favorite brew and you realize this place isn't for amateurs.
Best Features: Karaoke and Photo Booth

If you thought you remembered Gameworks, guess again.  About 2 years ago, Sega bought the company and all of it's assets and has slowly been turning every Gameworks in the nation into a Japanese style "Game Center."  It's no secret that arcade gaming has been on the decline for the last two decades due to home console games, and in America the industry has almost disappeared save for a few small companies.  

The Japanese business model has definitely changed the dynamics of the place - there are now two small Karaoke booths (With songs in English but a book for Japanese, Chinese and Korean songs is available too), a Japanese style Photo Booth (very fun), a room of ufo catchers, 3 dance machines and a slew of other new things on the way.  The old Gameworks mainstays like the Indy 500 game and that vertical shooting thing still remain.

The only downside is the price.  You must purchase a card to play anything and rather than tell you the monetary value, they use points.  It's easy to lost the value in your mind as you are going from game to game.  Make sure to conserve your money or else you might be making a few trips like I did, dropping 20 bucks a pop.
Have you not been here yet?  Get in your car and get over here already.

This place is fantastic.  The food is absolutely amazing.  We had been meaning to try this place for a while and finally made it over recently.  The owner, Dan, is super friendly and since it was our first time, he was happy to give some suggestions.  I settled on the spicy burrito and my girlfriend had the fish tacos (she had a couple others too but I forget which ones).

The fish tacos were superb (she let me have a bite).  The others she had also had great flavors.  They were served with a variety of sauces and a side of grilled onions that I believe she said were the best she has had in a very long time.  I tried them and darn it, she was right.  My burrito was a good size and very tasty.  Dan had given me the option of how spicy I wanted it and based on what I told him they nailed it.  It was just enough to make me full but not so much that I went into a food coma.

Overall, the place was very clean and it is not a huge place.  We will definitely be back here and have made it a staple in our places to frequent.  They are not open on Sundays so get your fix in on Saturday if you can't make it during the week.

Highly recommend!!!
We chose Famous Dave's to cater our out door wedding reception just a few weeks ago. It was great! The BBQ was excellent and the staff that served our guests were wonderful. We highly recommend them if you want great BBQ! Thanks again.
Riddle me this: How have I lived in Arizona all my life and never tried Barro's? Ya, I'm not sure either. Its a mystery to me too. But it so happens that now I have. And let me tell you... I'm hooked!

Its a Friday evening. I am having severe insomnia problems currently and I slept a total of two hours the night before. Its 5pm, I'm starving, I'm exhausted, and all I want to do is just go home and pass out. So my husband suggests we order a pizza and order from a place we have never had before so that way I don't have to cook. I suggest Barro's because we have never tried it and it's right down the street. I go online, look for coupons like I do everywhere, and we decide on two special pizzas, veggie and hot wing (with mushrooms in place of the chicken) for the current coupon special price of $12.99 each. Twenty minutes later we drive down to pick up our pizza to avoid delivery charges. I check them in the car to make sure no chicken has entered the space of my pizza and we are good to go. 

Let me tell you something about Barro's. Its freaking amazing. I can't believe I had waited so long to try them and I'm kind of sorry I did. The pizza dough is thick, but not too thick, and fluffy. The toppings are plentiful. Definitely the most toppings I've seen on a pizza for that price. Its three days later, and we are still eating leftovers. It doesn't take four pieces of pizza to make us full like those other guys. Two will do it for us. The hot wing pizza is so freaking good. Hot wing sauce covered with mozzarella and cheddar cheese topped with mushrooms. You have to try this thing at least once in your life. I miss eating hot wings sometimes but this satisfies that craving. Its spicy and cheesy. So good!

My husband said to me that this should be our new delivery place whenever we want pizza. I agree with him.
The classic burger is one of best burgers I've ever had on the fast food spectrum. Their smashfries were awesome and those haystack onion ringlettes were stellar! Definitely hitting this place up whenever I'm in town!
Taco's and guacamole are delicious.  Service is very slow although we stopped in and had Brandon as our server and he was great!!  If they could work on service this place would be wonderful.  We complained to the evening manager that we had waited quite a while to be greeted and he basically said "we are busy".  Try to look past the service and just enjoy the food.  Salmon & Shrimp Tacos are crazy good!
Terrible service. Terrible food. Too warm and dirty. Yuck! Not much more to say.
Excellent work. I had a back fill and eye brow wax done. The back fill looks great and he didn't hurt me at all. I'm a little picky about my eyebrows and they look great too. Peter did my nails. I don't know the name of the lady that did my eyebrows.
Great location, quick drive thru and friendly service.  This store is BIG and has been renovated.  It's a great location to study, read, have a meeting or just enjoy a cup of coffee and relax.  It's on the corner, so the location is convenient to get to.  If you love starbucks stop by this one for sure!
Got the thin sliced beef and beef meatball pho

Dirt dirt cheap, fresh ingredients, friendly service.
Broth, slightly dark, somewhat sweet.  I personally like a more beefy less sweet broth.  It was almost as if hoisin was in the broth or some herbs were already cooked with the broth?  

The beggar dude that came up to my friend before we got in the restaurant was a lil scary but was expected at the shady location so don't be all uppity then try and drive to soufside and get surprised when you get mad dogged by scary looking individual.  who cares... you're in THEIR hood dummy :/
I thought I would try out this location, big mistake. First parking is a nightmare. Second, I sat inside first and went unnoticed for 10 minutes. Then a fight broke out so I moved to the outside bar where there was no bartender. Twenty minutes in I was getting up to leave when waitress finally asked if I wanted a beer, a 3 dollar pbr wasn't bad so I figured why not. I felt completely ignored for 30 minutes,  will never come back. I'm halfway through my pbr and can't wait finish it so I can leave.
They don't serve food. They have a food truck. Some days the food trucks are hit and miss. The beer is good. The service is good. Everyone is always friendly. I go there with my friends about every Sunday now. This place is our first Sunday Funday stop. The atmosphere is relaxed and quiet. The prices are very reasonable. It keeps us coming back. Looking forward to the pumpkin porter.
I have been going to Farrelli's for years, since they first opened. I love the idea of this place.

Remember people, 3 stars isn't bad it means A-OK. 

I would give the concept 5 stars. The atmosphere is cool. I love the old movie posters in the hallway. Most of the seating is comfortable. I would much rather watch a movie like this instead of being crammed like a sardine in a typical theater. 

Service is almost always good. 4 stars. On their busier nights the service has been a little rushed and impersonal. However they are always quick when you page them for something during a movie.

Now we come to the food... When they first opened their food was 4 stars. Tasty and simple. I also had their catered food at a couple weddings and it was 4 star food as well. I am sad to say that in the last few years the quality of the food has gone down drastically. My husband and I went a few nights ago and it hit rock bottom. My sandwich was dry and tasteless. My husband liked his burger but he was horrified when he bit into a still frozen french fry. Yuck. 

Drink prices are steep. $7 for a draft beer. Really? The food prices would be fair if the food quality was a little better. 

I hope the owners take the criticisms to heart. I still love Farrelli's and always have a good time when I go.
Hands down the best chicken & waffles I've ever had! Being a SoCal guy, Roscoe's in LA has been a frequent stop for me over the years but Lo-Lo's in downtown Phoenix takes the trophy. The only time I've ever been called a CRACKER was at this place. I'm not even a white! Go figure. For the record, some people may think this establishment is in a rough/sketchy part of downtown. That's up to you to decide. I felt safe. Its blocks from Chase Field & US Airways Arena. So if you're headed to a Sun's or D-Backs game, you gotta stop by Lo-Lo's prior to get yourself some fried chicken. You'll love it!
We go to DC ranch Flemings and it's always perfect however we decided to this location just to try a different ambiance but we are really disappointed. 
The calamari appetizer and steaks were great.  The salad was really tiny , not sure why. 
It took a really long time, 30 min between appetizer and salad. We thought they ran out of lettuce. 
The worst part is that my girlfriend went to the restroom and there is no toilet paper and the paper towel is really low too. 
When I went to the men's restroom the paper towel was almost out and the Kleenex  box was completely out as we'll.  
you would think someone should check the restroom periodically at a nice restaurant  .

I've learned my lesson and stick to the DC ranch Flemings. 
y
It came a time when I finally tried Windsor for dinner.  My hubby and I went here for dinner last with some friends.  The atmosphere is pretty cool.  They had patio seating and indoor seating.  

So, the food was amazing. First we started with Russian Roulettes that we really good.  Then I had the porkwich that I got recommend from my friend (Reese). Wow, that is was by far the best pork sandwich I have ever had.  It had pulled pork; Tender Belly braised ham & smoked bacon layered with gold sauce & crunchy coleslaw on a buttermilk bun. My husband had the Brown Bag Chicken Sandwich that is pretty amazing too.  Our friends had the Windsor burger and the bacon burger.  

All I can say is, if you have not been to Windsor you are missing out.  You should check it out if you are ever in mid-town Phoenix.
Tired of globo-gym yoga? Want a variety of classes to fit your mood, a studio that fills your spirit, and a community that just keeps getting better? Metta Yoga is the place for you. I've been practicing there since they re-opened under the stewardship of Zuzana and Sherri, and it's become a very comfortable home. From ashtanga flow to core to tai chi to yin to  everything in between, there seems to be a teacher and a class for everyone. The added bonus of several class options at the Phoenician resort is a big plus, as you get to use their locker rooms (aka steam!) as well. The studio continues to add more offerings for all levels every month, so I'm excited to see this great little community keep on growing :)
Love love love
I've lived in Phoenix for almost 10 years and always received gasps when admitting I'd never seen Zoo Lights. I went for the first time this past Sunday evening and was blown away! They do a fantastic job of converting the Phoenix Zoo into a magical, visual wonderland. The trees are lit with moving lights, many in the shapes of different animals. If you look carefully, you can even see some of the real animals too. There is music, sound effects and different interactive elements like a polar slide and camel rides! My gf and I enjoyed ourselves, but not as much as my little niece and nephews who couldn't get enough of it all. This is definitely a great experience for families and anyone who wants to try something cool and unique during the Phoenix winter season.

November 22, 2012 - January 6, 2013 (6 - 10 p.m.)
Food was great - anyone who has ever eaten GOOD MEXICAN food will know this place is where its at.  The portions are HUGE - food is YUMMY, Decor is relaxing - and the dining area is Clean... but most importantly, this restaurant is ran by a Family and when you ask for the Manager - you get the Owners - they are Great - and care about your dinning experience with them.   I have recommended Salsa B to many Sun City Residents - most are picky food critics all LOVED Salsa B - they felt the food was good, prices GREAT ( some thought the prices should be raised) all will be going back - all will pass the word to their friends and family - all wish these Great New Entrepreneurs  the BEST OF LUCK w/this One of a Kind Mexican Food Restaurant --- Chili R's and Beef Taco's ARE  TO DIE FOR - I am SOOOOO Hooked ... OOPS - Try the Margaritas -- Nice Buzzzzzz
Just another pizza place. just about as good as NYPD but since I have started doing NY's thin crust I give them the nod.

I like the service.  Sometimes they are show but they are always friendly. sometimes they give me bread sticks on the side with marinara.  I like them.  

If I am in the area I will hit it. Not the best, but certainly not bad.
My last experience with Chompie's was a horrible one. I was given the name and number of the corporation manager. As soon as he heard my name he denied it ever happened before I told him what had happened.  Instead of a deserved apology he claimed the incident never took place, so it was my word against his! Calls to the owners were not returned. Needless to say they have lost all my future business including catering. In contrast I took friends to Joe's Farm Grill last week. The ribs were slightly undercooked. I complained only as a favor to the restaurant, not expecting a thing. Their corporate manager found me and gave me back a full refund on the two dinners I had purchased plus a $100 gift certificate!
Ok......now this has been the best sushi spot so far since I've moved here!! The setup inside is good for a late night hang out in the bar section and the dinning area is open inside and outside. The sushi bar is decent as well. The service is solid. The hostesses at the front are really polite and accommodating. On Friday and Saturday nights it can get a little busy but the wait has never been to long. I've never waited for more than 20mins. 
The menu is pretty robust. They have a large selection of rolls and seafood dishes that are amazing.... I recommend the shrimp & scallop entree. You won't regret it. I have tried many rolls and non have ever been a disappointment. 
All in all I would have to say that this is the best sushi in town. If anyone can top this spot please let me know!! GO SUSHI!!!!!!
Love this place. One of the best Korean BBQ restaurants in the Phoenix area. They have excellent service and the private karaoke rooms are a blast, especially if you have a group. Just be aware of the soju, it'll creep up on you.
People have to stop judging Indian restaurants by how they make Chicken Tikka Masala or any Tikka Masala for that matter. Yes, Chicken Tikka Masala is an Indian dish but it is not the only Indian dish. Hell, it's a north Indian dish that seldom gets any attention in other parts of India.

I choose Curry Corner over other Indian restaurants in this area because of its positive reviews. I ordered a Lamb Biryani and a Chicken Curry to-go was told the order would take 15-20mins. So I sat at one of the tables and patiently waited. The place was not busy and almost everyone who came after me got their food served while I was still kept waiting. Finally, after more than 35mins of waiting my order was ready and I was told the Lamb Biryani usually takes time to prepare. So I thought maybe Biryani was worth the wait.

Initially the Biryani looked good but when I started digging into it was when I realized how badly it was prepared. The Biryani was just rice mixed with some curry and a few hard-to-chew lamb pieces thrown in. Trust me, it tasted awful. I simply don't understand why some Indian restaurants have this compulsion to include a Biryani on the menu when they don't know or even have the faintest idea about how it is prepared.

And as for the Chicken Curry, it tasted OK; nothing great - just mediocre. 
Curry Corner is another Indian restaurant serving mediocre Indian food to susceptible locals. What a shame!
Its good food.  Its just not the greatest food for the price you pay.  I had a spicy chicken of some sort, and they dont mess around when it comes to the spicy stuff.  This stuff was HOT.  I enjoyed it quite a bit, but I just didnt feel like the food justified the price.  $11 for a lunch special?  No thanks.  I would give the food 4 out of 5 stars though.
Whenever I find out that a band I really want to see is playing at the Marquee, I get the same feeling I have when receiving an electrical shock.  

I abhor this venue, from the absurd amount fees that keep piling up (wtf is a convenience fee, a way to conveniently take more of my money), paying for sub par parking (thank god I can now give my money to the City of Phoenix to ride the Light Rail), to the overpriced drinks (and crappy service that is provided for that), and the pat downs that me make me feel like I am entering a highly secured prison. 

The sad thing is that this place does have potential to be decent, but it is just run like shit.
This place is super cute and the employees are pretty friendly.  The vibe is laidback and neighborhoody, making you want to hang out there forever.  They make an excellent Iced Chai Tea Latte and the giant cupcake that I had was delicious as well.

I only wish I lived within walking distance of Copper Star so that I wouldn't have to worry about parking, which can be a bit tricky at times.

Definitely check out the cool bathrooms (I'm guessing the men's is as nice as the women's) before you leave.
Dropped by  a week ago at the Drive Thru and the line was half way down the back street.
Great food, nice people, good service :)
What can I say? Southern style cooking, top notch local/fresh ingredients and good friends can always be found at the Welcome Diner! I had the poutine covered in cheddar cheese and smothered in sausage gravy (the best I've ever tasted IMHO) to start and the welcome burger as a main dish. I love burgers and try them wherever I can get them. Let me say this one was the best I have had in a very long time... Two words, garlic aioli!!! I cant speak highly enough about this place. Five stars in all areas. Do your self a favor and have Mike mix you up a !!!HURRICANE!!! 

I will be returning as soon as humanly possible.
So sad.  Michael Todd's is no longer at this location.  There is still some Michael Todd-sh furniture that shows at this location, but it's somehow not the same.  I still go kind of on a bi-weekly basis to check out some pieces, but I haven't found as many that I've liked.  Maybe just coincidence, though...
Horses and dogs defecate here constantly and there's virtually no enforcement of policies to prevent this from getting worse (at least with the dogs).  Often there's drunken people here on Sundays, and they're not exactly "from the area".  They then meander up the trail to the smallest hill in their street casual clothes, laughing, and not watching their wandering kids.

Weekends are horrible here because everyone finds the need to say hi to every single person they see going the other direction on the path.  It gets old, people.  So, avoid weekends if possible.

Trails were much better before they made so-called "improvements" in the way of widenening the paths.  Now there's an oversupply of overzealous mountain bikers who don't know that pedestrians have right of way, and are so lacking in dexterity that they can't seem to slow the bike without skidding down the hills.

During prime weather months it is common to have a local pastor sing religious songs on top of the lowest mountain, with a guitar.  I'm not sure if I'm more bothered by the fact that he does this, or by the fact that other people are not bothered by this as much as I am.
Great local dive bar which has been around for over 25 years now... This place is really big with a massive, covered, air-conditioned outdoor smoking area. 

Shuffleboard, pool, ping pong, and darts... 

This place gets really busy, and much younger on weekend nights.

Best to go here mid week after 11pm...
What a horrible experience!!!!!

So I went to meet with a friend who was in town for her PHD program at Grand Canyon University.  She and several of her classmates decided to head to this hell hole for a friend's marriage proposal get together.  Since I worked all day, rushed home to wash up, and then headed straight there, I was hot and starving. 

They are overly disorganized.  My friend and her classmates reserved a certain amount of tables, and yet they were not already prepared for us.  We had to wait for them to finish putting the tables together.  Strike 1

Happy Hour had just finished and I was not in the mood to pay full price for a drink from such an establishment, so I had one of the cheap Moose Beer cans for $3.00, it was rather tasty, surprisingly.

So, the service here is very very very very slow!!!!!! I ordered the barbeque-bacon turkey burger, and it literally took an hour to come out! It did not look appealing and so I spoke with the manager, who was not very customer service driven.  Strike 2

When we were served our food, the silverware did not come along with it as well.  Strike 3
Since, I have worked in the restaurant industry and I wrote food and wine reviews and blogs, I know what is supposed to happy when a client is not happy with the service, or the food.  Apparently the manager did not know, he then took the food away and said that he would take it off of the bill.  He was supposed to leave the food, let me finally eat it, and then still take it off of the bill.  My friend had to go and hunt him down with my food and so he brought it back out.  But, I was so annoyed that I left it sitting right there, to prove a point that I was not that hungry to eat their trash food after waiting an hour and then having it taken away!!!

The waitress was frazzled, the manager was incompetent, and the sound system was horrible for karaoke.  They need to close down, re-train everyone, and hire more staff!!
I'm a major craft beer drinker.  The beer here was totally awful.

The Irish Red had no malty flavor -- it was dry and empty.
The IPA was soapy.
The English Browne had no head and was flat.
The Scottish Red tasted stale.

When it comes to the aroma, mouth, taste, and color, they only passed the color tests, which makes me wonder what was added to the beer.

We had the calamari, which wasn't to our taste, but it might be fine for others.  The style is like large breadsticks rather than rings.  Just not our style.

I hope this place gets better as Gilbert really needs a place like this.

Wanted to give 'em two stars but couldn't justify it.

[Our waitress was emotionless and didn't care that my English Browne was flat.]
Yum!

This is a cute place with good food. We had a great time and loved the atmosphere. The service was also very good.
I love this Yogurtland. We ride our bikes down the Green Belt a lot and stop here as a reward/treat to ourselves! The staff is friendly here and it's usually crowded but not in an annoying way. I like that they have lots of tables outside. Yum!
This is a beautiful studio. I love the wood floors as opposed to the carpet at Bikram. It is very clean and they have Lululemon is stock which is always awesome. Love me some Lulu. The regular Sumit's classes which are a 75 min combo of Bikram (poses that are held) and flow are great. The flow at the beginning of class gets me super flexible and makes time fly. The hour flow classes are my favorite. Flowing in a heated room is such an intense experience. The only down side I have is that it seems a bit competitive and click-ish. I just never felt very welcome. It seems that some of the other yelps have had similar experience but it is not something that will keep me away. I will continue to drop in on occasion.
I attended the Nationwide series last year and had a good time. First of all, the drive to and from is a nightmare! Not much thought there? And this is for only Saturday! I wonder how bad it is for the Sprint series on Sunday? But once you're their, it's a great time. I really like this semi-short track. Even thought they are changing the track as we speak now! Wonder how it's going to be now? Seating is pretty good all the way around! Sure glad they don't race during the summer months! If you are a NASCAR fan, you need to come by and experience this place!
I love this place!!!!  You cannot find better prices and a better selection of creative and tasty sushi, sashimi, and rolls.  The menu just changed and the selection is even bigger.  The Phoenix Roll, the Pink Lady. and the Tuna Martini are must haves!  The happy hour is a don't miss!  Until October 31, the happy hour prices, 50% off all rolls, runs all day long.  If you buy a drink during happy hour, the appetizers are 99 cents!  The staff is friendly and full of great suggestions.  It can be hard to find...It is on the side of Whole Foods, on the Tatum side of the street.
Our room was nice & clean.  The bed was comfortable.  The breakfast buffet was good.  The staff was friendly.

But man are those walls thin.  Heard every bit of conversation as the people next door partied late into the night and then one of them dropping a deuce the next morning.
Atmosphere was meh..
Food was meh..
Service was meh..
Prices were meh..

Nothing about Zupas made me happy.. and i get excited easily. I wanted to kill all the Biltmore Business people in there too. With a sword.
I love Cantonese food, dim sum, etc, but nearly impossible to find outside the four or five largest Chinatowns in North America, unless you're REALLY willing to hunt.

I discovered ACE through a New Times "Best of" list and wow, wow, wow. Mesa has this place? This place could hold its own against any San Francisco Chinatown eatery. The menu is enormous. They've got the standard American Chinese fare - Szechuan primarily - all the gloppy moo goo gai pan stuff. But skip that part of the menu and go to the pages and pages of Cantonese choices.

The chili wings are otherworldly. The chili dumpling are equally amazing. In fact, order every last dumpling on the menu. You get 6 dumpling for $1.75, and they have half a dozen kinds! The chicken eggplant is perfect. And I dare you to try to spend more than $10 even stuffing yourself like it's Thanksgiving Day. You can gut FULL - entree, drink, tax, for $5 with no problem.

Why not the fifth star? Well, the decor and location is - not great. Denny's style booths with plastic flowers and garish Chinese posters. Cooks yelling at each other (not angry, just trying to be heard over the Chinese music/tv playing), etc. On the other hand, I'm tempted to view this as a positive, not a negative. This is really what these places are like in Chinatowns - it's authentic. I'm going think on that fifth star and revisit my ratings after a few hundred more dumplings (aka, two or three more weeks)...
I've often driven by here, & figured I'd go in & take a look sometime. 
But I was looking for a clock-mini-speaker system that I use with my iPhone 4.  

When I had my 3G, I had a very bad experience where I was assured that a particular clock-mini-speakers I bought would work with it - but all it had was a cheap plastic adapter that the 3G kept falling out of - & then they gave me a hard time about a refund.

This time, I was again getting either glib reassurances & non-specific information, "sorry out of stock"s, or  NO OPEN floor samples I could look at, at 3 other stores (including the big A Store with a lot of Jobs), not to mention conflicting info on Amazon & upon Googling.  

So I thought to go into the iStore. Boy, was I pleasantly surprised! They had open, plugged in items that I could actually test my iPhone 4 in to make sure it worked. Even better, I began chatting with the guys there about various other iPhone &  MacBook Pro issues, & found they had FAR more knowledge about BOTH the phone & it's peripherals and MacBook Pro's (and HONESTY about them) than I ever got from the "really-really-smart" folks at the Big-A-Store-with-Jobs who will promise you anything. 

So, I would definitely go back there for honest advice & I would certainly bring in anything that needed warranty service.  They also have a pretty nice selection of peripherals and better yet, they know WHAT WORKS WITH WHAT!
Holy, yum.  I was able to have brunch here, when I was in town for a wedding, and I'm sure glad I did.  

For brunch, my boyfriend and I both ordered omelets. The omelets were pretty standard fair, but with big portions and cooked well.  This place really excels in the details more than anything else.  The water is infused with cucumber, which makes it refreshing and just that much more special.  With your meal, you get toast, potatoes and your choice of side, where most places make you opt out of potatoes if you want something else.  The meal came with a side of rosemary creme fraiche that was absolutely delicious.  I love rosemary and the condiment meshed well with both the omelet and potatoes and infused a rosemary tang.  The potatoes were cooked well, no soggy home fries here, and the fruit was a nice mix of watermelon, grapes, and pineapple.  But the real star of the show, and the reason I hope to eat here again is the jam.  Oh my goodness, this jam was homemade and absolutely excellent.  It was filled with fresh berries and elevated a normal piece of toast to epic proportions.  I want some more just thinking about it.

The food is solid, the staff attentive and friendly, and the jam phenomenal.
When people visit my closet, I often say "Welcome to Ann Taylor Loft." I'd say about 85% of the clothes hanging in my closets (yes, plural) are from this store. I love their stuff. What more can I say? A lot more. 

Ann Taylor Loft is the more casual and less expensive version of the Ann Taylor store. Their clothes are very classic but with a touch of flair. Most of their items are fairly affordable, and they always have a generous selection of sales items.  Plus, it's safe to say that most regularly priced items go on sale fairly quickly. So if you are jonesing for that cute outfit that's a little out of your price range, you can come back in a few weeks and it should be on sale. And to top that off, they usually have great discount incentives -- i.e.: spending $50 or more and get a $25 off coupon off your next purchase. 

The salesgirls are sweet and friendly too.  They are never pushy, but always willing to help you in whatever way you need. A great store with fantastic fashions and nice salespeople make it a place that I'll frequent for years to come.
If you need any office supplies, furniture, printers, computers, or one of them fancy electronic book readers, then you should check this place out. Not being a teacher or office manager/employee, I only come to these stores for printer ink. I was greeted with a friendly "Hello, can I help you find something" by one of the employees. My friend was looking for a stapler which the employee quickly guided us down the aisle to find an extensive collection, although I didn't see a red Swingline stapler ;)  

There is a huge print service station in the back and plenty of employees to help out with anything. Check out was super quick as there were three cashiers open and ready for a customer. Oh and I found out, thanks to my teacher friend, that you get a discount if you are a teacher. Pretty rad.
I love this place.  Been there three times and have never been disappointed.  The servers are super-friendly, almost to the point of medicinally-induced happiness but works for me.  I always get the same pasta dish so I'm not sure what else to order.  It is pricier than I'm used to spending but good for an ocassional treat.   I love the little patio areas outside and the live music on weekend nights.  An out-of-the-way joint with good food, good atmosphere, and good services, without the Scottsdale attitude.
Down we go as I tried the turkey. Ya know those Jenno O turkey breasts you always see in the store? - well it appears Dickey's bought a bunch of them and put them in the smoker and then charged us $5.50 for a large sandwich. The turkey is not good breast meat, it tastes more of gelatin you find in the Jenni O world. BBQ sauces all all watery now, saw some forms of fly hovering near the dirty meat cutting area as well. The pickles are good though and you can stock up on fake plastic silverware on the to-go orders. I will only visit a Dickey's in the south from now on - that chain food just seems to always taste better in BBQ country.
A small little restaurant with big taste.

I had the pasta fagioli, casear salad and lasagna. The soup was excellent. Nice and light. The salad was superb!! Fresh crispy romaine lightly tossed with fresh dressing. Definitely not bottled.

The lasagna, although small in portion, was RICH. It was simple and not overpowered by sausage and frill. The cheese...oh my the cheese! They do not skimp on cheese. Every single fattening cheesy bite was worth it!

It was nice to see the owner in there and he gladly took a picture with our group. Very cool!
OMG - I hate writing this review for I've heard so much about this place!  We've been meaning to check out this place since it opened especially since the Roosevelt had closed.  We had family visiting over the long Columbus Day holiday and needed a night out with just the two of us especially since it was my birthday!  We even left Grandpa at home to try this place by ourselves!  When we arrived we walked into a "please seat yourself sign."  Hard to "seat yourself" when the place is packed.  We finally was offered a table at the back per a group who graciously gave up their table for friends who were a no show.  This was a table with a perfect window view of behind the scenes of the keg taps.  We waited about 12 minutes or so before a "waiter" felt bad for us to ask if we had ordered yet.  We asked for a drink menu only to be told we should have either looked at it on the way in or take a step outside to see it!  We told him what we wanted to drink and he said he would do the best to match our needs.  We get our drinks and the menu looked good and we figured out what we wanted to order but then another 15 minutes went by without any waiter attention and we decided to head off to another local place that we knew we would get better service.  We were forced to simply leave a $10 bill on the table for no one every came back to check on us and we promptly made our way to the door!!!!  I don't think we will be making our way back here anytime soon, we really should give this place a 1/2 star but we liked what they did with the place ;o).
Very limited menu...can't even split egg whites w one regular egg for omelette . Every other breakfast place does it! No kids menu...not even anything remotely kid friendly.  Prices are ridiculous and fruit is extra! Not coming back!
I mean its a Fro-Yo place...how different can it be? 
but what alleviates this place from Routine to the Superlative category is the service...
The guy behind the register spread some smiles, struck a conversation and stamped the loyalty card twice :)
True to name flavors of Banana, honeydew and vanilla on the evening i visited...will definitely go back
apparently this is a california staple, and it just opened here in the valley. via a friend, we popped in after dinner last night. our friend was having a difficult time explaining the texture of this new fangled ice treat, we just had to experience it ourselves. 

basically, it's like airy ice crystals....like cold cotton candy texture. it's light and fluffy and airy and really good! from what i understand, its flavored ice that is shaved....not shaved ice with flavor added. anyway, it's not crunchy like ice crystals or shaved ice....it's smooth but not like ice cream or custard or yogurt. really, you just have to try it.

at the counter, you order one of about a dozen base flavors. i opted for taro, but there are many tradtional flavors. then you opt for one topping for a small, 2 for a medium, 3 for a large, or pay extra for extra toppings. then you get a glaze. the most popular at the moment seemed to be sesame seed, but i chose condensed milk and kiwi as my topping. 

it was a surprise. i thought the taro would be more tart, but it really wasn't. then with the creamy sweetness of the condensed milk, it was a delicious sweet melt-a-thon on a hot summers evening. my only complaint was that they were a little stingy on the glaze, so if you eat the top portion of your treat, there is no glaze left to enjoy for the remainder of the dessert. our friend went back to the counter and asked for more glaze which they obliged. 

a new way to cool off in the valley and a nice change from all the yogurt shops.
Gas is decently priced but if you are a smoker, one of the best priced around.
Great meal - some unusual veggie options. Brussel Sprout Caesar was truly original and tasty. Roasted squash with barley and golden raisins was delightful. When I ordered the cheese platter for dessert, however, the cheese was ice cold and not presented in an appetizing way. The fig preserves looked like it was scooped out of a vat with a deformed ice cream spoon. The grapes were tasteless. The cheese was gross.
Went to this place for a nice Saturday Happy hour.... Saturday Happy hour made it all worthwhile.  and yes the happy hour was nicely priced. My server seemed a little forgetful, not bringing my beer glass, forgetting my sake, etc., but she was sweet. Sitting at the sushi bar was nice because I got to chat to the young japanese sushi chefs. Very pleasant conversation as I caught my buzz, I must say. I had just a basic albacore nigiri and a philly roll, nothing to write home about. Place seemed a bit crowded, probably for the football game, but after my bomber I was enjoying myself. Overall, the sushi ain't that wonderful, but its a fun place to catch a buzz and get some basics.
Best coffee I've had in the Phoenix area. The first time we went, we had 2 cappuccinos (for here--they won't make them to go, understandably, as it ruins the foam). One of the owners made them for us, then told us the next time we came they were on him as they were rather wet. Certainly weren't the best-prepared cappuccinos, but at least he knows what a cappuccino is supposed to be. And any way, the coffee itself made up for the poor foam--just delicious. I wouldn't say that I'm a coffee expert by any means, but the flavor of the coffee just really stood out above any other I have had in a long time. That's probably because the owners get the beans from fair-trade farms in Guatemala (which they have visited), and then roast them themselves in the ware-housey shop. We later bought 2 bags of coffee to give as gifts, a dark Guatemala roast and the Black Market Espresso (tasted the first, which was good at home but not as good as when made at the Lab). You can also purchase cool coffee equipment in the front. The only downside would be a small amount of food available. I like to have something to eat with my morning coffee, and they have a few cookies (locally made and very tasty) and some other treats, but not much in the way of a breakfast. But in terms of coffee, this place is the top!
Stopped by one night late, only one guy working, probably the manager/owner based on him being on the phone and looking like he wanted to gtfo dodge attitude and not wearing anything quiznos related like most workers do... 

Food... subpar... it's a chain... it's hard to fuck up... but he did. There was no care in the making of the sub... I pretty much watched him throw it together, run it through the toaster tossed some lettuce on and wrap it up...

I had chips in my hand... wanted a meal... he didn't ask and just rang it up w/o the drink... I asked what size cup to grab and he said "oh you wanted a drink?"  Of course I wanted a fucking drink... I just stared at him like wtf man?  Told him to keep his drink cause he'd have to re run my card...  

srsly it's a chain that gives you all the stuff and training to make a sandwich like the other 1000's of quiznos around the country... and you can't do it. If you hate customer service don't buy a franchise sandwich shop.

Two stars... lucky it isn't one. I'm out
So chill, So delicious and So priced well.  The Living Room is a great place to kick back and relax on a date or with a group of friends.  The drinks are made well, generous and affordably priced.  The menu goes above and beyond "bar food" and has enough to interest pretty much anyone.  My favorite was the sausage sliders- WOW!  Delicious! And when you need a french fry fix, this is your place!  Portions are big, so perfect for sharing.
I went over there to try it out for lunch today.  I haven't had a lot of wraps so I don't have much to compare it to.  I should have ordered something with meat so I had at least something to compare it to but no, as I was being adventurous I got the grilled vegetables on tomato-basil. I thought it was was pretty good, but I might have preferred one of the other offerings.  I also got the potato chips.  For some reason I had it in my head that chips made right there would be thicker.  They were however devoid of any staleness you can get with bagged chips.  I will be back again to try something else.

On the way over there I was thinking this would be better on a Saturday because it is about 20 minutes in traffic each way from work.  Well, the website doesn't show it yet but they are now open Saturdays!

Two pleasant guys were working behind the counter and had several orders going at once even though I was the only one there.  I was greeted by the cook as soon as I walked in and shortly thereafter the person filling orders and such took my order.  The delivery driver was in and out a couple of times while I was there.   Being a nice day out I sat at the outside tables, there was just enough breeze and no sun on the North side of the building to make it feel much cooler than it really was.  If I had been smart I would have pulled a table and chair out in the sun like another person did while I was eating.
I am glad to be the first to re-introduce this location to the Yelp community!

A friend and I ventured in, with only a little bit of time before a physiology exam at MCC, across the street. We were avoiding Starbuck's at any cost, and the cost turned out to be showing up for our exam about 5 minutes late! The story about Cup O' Karma was more interesting than an test on kidney function. What can I say?

Into The Bean was sold for $1 to a non-profit organization benefiting Seeds of Hope. Seeds of Hope is a domestic abuse and sexual assault assistance agency, seeking to provide information and advocacy for survivors. Volunteers work the counter, and all proceeds benefit Seeds. You can find literature on the counter and in the bathroom.

The place has been redecorated and is very welcoming and warm. The women working there are friendly and caring. Since Cup O' Karma is still pretty new, some bugs are still being worked out; register issues, how much syrup to put in the coffee drinks... etc.

I have had two iced vanilla lattes and one iced chai (soy). Both were delicious. I loved studying here- it was quiet and not corporate. They even have a few breakfast items- bagels one morning and croissants another. Some of the drinks have crazy names, although I don't remember them offhand right now. One was some kind of Chernobyl berry thing!

Stop by!  Its a little expensive, but worth the cause.
Great little place! Nice to see something different like this in Arizona. The sister restaurant next door is excellent.

Had a soy-ft serve sundae, awesome. Had an iced coffee, so delighted by all the options for vegan-friendly milk (soy, almond, rice, etc). 

Great place, good luck!

1 thing - the wood spoons, while I'm sure are biodegradable and all, have a weird texture with the ice cream (at least for me). I think those spoons just kind of freak me out. I didn't ask for plastic or metal, I'm sure they would have accommodated.
I'm a wildcat but I will say Wells Fargo Arena is a good place to watch a basketball game. Recently my niece was here as a trainer for a visiting team. We got our tickets way up high but I could easily see the entire court and didn't feel so far. It's also very bright. Probably because of the ugly yellow and maroon all over the place.lol. Had to throw that in!!!
La Grande. Hmmm. You know the food is good - there wouldn't be lines out the door everyday if it wasn't.

However, no matter how good your food is, or how popular your restaurant is, customer service is still important. 

I arrived here for a small lunch with some co-workers around 12:00 on a weekday - this is where I made my first mistake. The line extended out the door and there was zero parking. There was a mess of people everywhere. The line was a mess, no one knew how to order or where. 

When we finally get to the front of the line there is a huge display case of tammy coe cakes, it was tempting to check them out, but we couldn't because some guy behind the counter was screaming at us to order. Seriously, and when I didn't answer immediatly I got a dirty look! Sad for them though, I probably would have ordered more had I not been rushed. 

I ordered my turkey sandwich and started to search for a place to sit. We eventually found a seat in the pizza area. Then had to go back out to wait for our names to be screamed out to get our food. So classy.

My sandwich was good: the bread was good, the turkey was good, but not worth the wait and the grumpy staff.
Came here with a huge group (like 30 people) after a long day of company meetings and they did a wonderful job of hosting a boisterous group.  I don't really know what exactly we ate since I didn't order anything but plates kept constantly coming out.  I have never been to Italy but a brother and sister in our group mentioned that they haven't had a pizza this good since they were in a particular town in Italy.  The Italian owner said that's because they have 2 cooks from that same town making the pizzas in the kitchen.  Street cred!

This was probably the best pizza I have ever had!  The crust was very thin yet chewy, with a bit of char...kind of reminded me of indian naan.  Toppings were not overpowering: simple, yet quality ingredients.  Little bit of sauce, little bit of cheese, lots of love and pride = perfection!  The salad, bruschetta, and antipasto appetizers were good too but the pizza was the star.  I really liked the prociutto and arugula pizza.  Longing for the day I can find a pizza like this in Hawaii.

Best part, I ate what seemed like a ton of pizza but didn't get the stuffed food coma feeling like I normally would.
This is the 2nd time we come here and we are already huge fans!  The first time, the service was impressive - the bartender tended to us at our table an was not only really friendly and genuine, but knowledgeable and very helpful in wine and food pairing (we ordered the meat plate and it did not disappoint).  The 2nd time was an equally pleasing experience.  Our party of 7 got seated within a few minutes of arriving and our server gal was friendly, nice, and quick.  We went through several bottles of wine and the service was never slow or lacking (btw - they have an excellent Kim Crawford SB in the bottle section - recommend!).  A few of us had the vintage burgers and though I wasn't a big fan of the thick buns, i put them aside and found the meat and rest of the toppings very tasty and highly filling.  The ambiance was perfect - they had live music (a beautiful and talented gal on her guitar) and she chose perfect songs for the venue and the fireplace was going.  The owner stopped by to say hello and everything was all good.  We are fans and will return again!
Ate at the Ice Den location.  Ordered the signature "Over Easy" dish.   It really was flavorful and excellently prepared with toasted brioche, spinach, bacon, scallions and au jus topped with a fried egg.  The chef should have left the egg on the griddle a bit longer, per my order for no runny eggs, but otherwise, yummy!   Server started out a bit rough but got better as he warmed up.   Quiet Wednesday mid-morning, no wait and quick delivery of my entree.  Coffee only OK, a bit weak (typical for decaf but it doesn't have to be that way).
Work took me to the Clarendon twice in the span of four days... you better believe I ate lunch and enjoyed happy hour at Gallo Blanco on both occasions.  That includes the Monday special, a $20 pitcher of margaritas that I may or may not have shared with someone else.  Seriously, how could Monday get any better?  I wish somebody would hand me a pitcher of margaritas at the end of every Monday.  

As far as the menu goes, everything is good.  Just close your eyes and point.  I only have one warning, avoid the cheese crisp as an actual meal.  It is just one flat piece of burned cheese.  One of the poor girls I was working with on Monday ordered it for her lunch.  You could say she ended up ordering some sides to go with it.  It's not bad, but definitely a disappointment if you expected it to be satisfying in any way.
I have some experience with accidents and insurance claims.  It's important to have a good agent who make sure you're covered properly.   Marc Sollee is what I can an extra miler.   He takes the extra time to do it right and he's backed by a company, Farmers Insurance,  that in my experience takes good care of their customers.
The steaks were excellent but overshadowed by the incredible lousy inattentive server who basically took the order and dropped off the bill. Most of the wait staff hung out by the entryway chatting among themselves. Poor management. Never going back.
Consistently tasty, fresh, good quality food with fast friendly service. It is the best non-dim sum Chinese food in central Phoenix, since the now long departed Silver Dragon (I think, off of Northern) closed. 

Pan-fried noodles are excellent, so are mixed Chinese vegetables. This is the really nice feature for me: Desert Jade is incredibly accommodating about substitutions. I get shrimp,chicken,pork, beef combo with broccoli, but without the pork and beef, and substituting string beans for broccoli. This (and similar requests) never cause any sort of problem at Desert Jade. Hot tea is loose leaf, no tea bags, which is another positive for me.

My companion Mr. Super Spicy gets his usual gin-and-tonic and says it is adequate. He assures me that dishes marked for spiciness are indeed up to his standards, and that beef with broccoli is decent, with lean but tender meat. He likes the pork fried rice (LOTS of pork) and says egg foo yung is good too. Wor Wan Ton soup is full of tasty morsels, not merely thin broth and droopy noodles.

The ambiance at Desert Jade is a bit odd, it's very comfortable, mind you, but more like a hunting lodge than any Chinese restaurant I've ever seen. Clean forest green velvet upholstered booths, diamond shaped mullioned windows, scenes of pheasants and grouse, etc.  The bar near the front entrance is charming, and more traditional. Also, this restaurant is open until 9:30pm, quite unusual for Phoenix dining!
Losbetos is the bomb. So dirt cheap and you get so much food. I live across the street so it's super convenient for me which I love! It's open 24 hours which is the shit. I haven't been there at any really odd hours as of yet, but I like knowing I have the option and I also presume I will end up there at some weird hours at some point. They're carne asada, chicken, and huevos rancheros are all soooo good. You will be in a serious food coma after you eat here.
This is our first experience with natural dry cleaning, and honestly it is fantastic! We have been going to Natural Cleaners for the past few months, and our clothes always come back smelling wonderful. We have noticed a substantial difference in the quality compared with our dry cleaners in California.

The business is family-run, with two locations in the Valley (Scottsdale and Gilbert). The Scottsdale location is in the shopping center at North Scottsdale and the 101, next to the Gordon Biersch Brewery.

Our orders typically have a 3 day turnaround, so keep that in mind. Their website says they also deliver orders, but we have no experience with that service. They gave us a dry cleaning bag to bring our clothes in each time, and there are reserved parking spots for their customers.
Baja Fresh was a staple for me in high school, since it was just down the street and right on the way home. I always appreciated how high-quality their chicken was but always thought that the dishes were a little bland. In particular, the salsa bar offerings weren't that flavorful. Lately, it does seem like Baja Fresh is trying to take it up a notch and compete with other chains like Rubio's and La Salsa that are offering more upscale, California-esque things like portobello tacos and salad burritos. I appreciate the innovativeness, but find that despite good-quality ingredients, most of Baja Fresh's dishes haven't changed and are still bland. Oh, and their salsa is still so-so. 

We went for lunch the other day because we had a coupon (buy one new fire-grilled taco combo for $6.99 and get another for $1.99). The combo came with a tropical chicken, blackened shrimp, and a "diablo" steak taco. The shrimp taco was definitely good and the shrimp themselves were good-quality. The chicken taco was also ok, and I really liked the grilled pineapple slice that was tucked inside. The diablo steak was kind of chewy and not that spicy, as the name would suggest. As it had been on previous visits, the salsa was mediocre. We left feeling satisfied and full but not wowed by anything. Next time, I'll probably stick to tacos or burritos and avoid the new dishes.
Well clearly I'm a glutton for punishment because even though I've had numerous poor meals here in the past, I really want to like this place. I said I was done with them, but I'm weak. There is a severe lack of locally owned restaurants in this area so I'm really trying, but I can't like them if I can't get in the door! I tried to give them yet another chance two weeks ago (June 19th) only to pull up around 5pm to see a sign on the door saying they were closing early. I was annoyed, but I didn't mind giving Chipotle next door my money instead. But wait, it gets better. 

I tried again the other day (July 3rd) only to see another "CLOSED EARLY" sign! I guess the 4th of July holiday had to start a day early. Honestly this is ridiculous. If you want to be closed early in the summer, then make up some new official summer hours. Or at least type out a professional sign instead of hand writing one with a crayon.
The food is great, but the service is lousy. Don't go here unless you have a few hours to kill waiting to be seated...or for your order to be taken...or for your check. We are locals, not college students, and this place is within walking distance from our house. We would really love to make this our regular haunt, but after several frustrating attempts to eat & drink here, we've had to find somewhere else to hang out for game night.

Boulders is actually a really nice restaurant and bar with a friendly atmosphere and a fantastic craft beer selection, and the food is inexpensive and fresh and delicious, but we have had service problems soooo many times. We have been there to eat and drink and have waited for a half an hour to be greeted, and several times we have been there and our meal from beginning to end has taken 2-3 hours to complete. Twice we have been denied a table altogether because of Trivia night, and we were turned away.

The wait staff seem to not use the "section system", and I surmise that the "team effort" system is that everyone is supposed to watch everyone's tables. This may work in some places, but it definitely doesn't work here. Sometimes you seat yourself, sometimes you don't. Sometimes it's marked "Seat Yourself", but sometimes it's not. So, you may find yourself standing there for a while wondering what to do while the servers walk past, especially when it's busy. You have to kinda wander around and hope you find a table somewhere. It's a bit awkward, even if you've been there a few times. On one visit, we stood at the host stand for 30 minutes waiting for someone to acknowledge us. No one did. I left a note that we had waited, but we were hungry so we were going up the street to a competing establishment. I had hoped that might alert the management that there had been a problem. It didn't...

On another visit, a hostess greeted us, and we were told that it was trivia night and that we couldn't be given a table because people could pretty much stay there all night if they wanted. Instead of having a non-trivia section for regular diners, we were turned away. This happened once in the fall and again in the spring.

On our next visit, the same 30 minute seating wait occurred at the host stand. The servers went back and forth several times, not even so much as an "Are you being helped?" until finally one of the bartenders was walking past and asked if we were picking up an take-out order. It was then that we found out we were supposed to just go sit down. It was very busy, and we got lucky that we found one table open. However, once we did, we sat at the table for another 30 minutes while no one greeted us or even took a drink order. There were tables with guests all around us, and servers were actively waiting them, but no one ever came to our table. On our way out, someone asked how everything was. We said we didn't know because we'd been there for an hour and had never even been given a menu. 

If you DO manage to get a table and get an order placed, make sure that you ask for everything you might need right up front when they bring your food, including anymore drinks. Table check-backs are few and far between, and if you ask for something, chances are your meal will be over before you even get it. We often have to flag someone down to bring us our check, and this is sometimes a half hour to 45 minutes after we've finished eating. This is apparently normal and occurs more often then not. We had some friends meet us there for dinner once. It was somewhat embarrassing to have to ask for a box for his wife just as her meal came because the service had been so slow that she missed her dinner opportunity before she had to leave for work.

The wait staff are very friendly, the owners are great people, and the food and atmosphere is very nice, but it's kind of a pain to eat there, especially if you're hungry or have other things you want to do that night. We really wish we could eat there all the time, which is why we keep going back and trying again and again. We would be in there all the time, at least once a week, but the service continues to be too unpredictable to be able to enjoy the evening. The place does, however, have take-out, which is something that we do when we're in the mood for the food and you want to go get it and bring it back before the game starts. If you get take-out, you may not get beer and hang out, but at least you'll get food and service, plus, it's good for your wallet, since you're not spending nearly as much as you would if you dined in.
Stayed here on a short getaway and was generally pretty happy with what I got, especially for what I paid while the Scottsdale tourist season was still in full swing.  

This is an older-style Scottsdale resort, kind of designed in the 70's/80's local style, with a lot of Mexican tile, small pool, low hallway ceilings, etc., so it doesn't have the shine or glitz you might find at some of the more well known, chain resorts. But on the bright side it doesn't have the high in-season price.  I thought the rooms were comfortable and tastefully updated, the staff was friendly and helpful, and the pool/restaurant/bar/spa were all up to par with what I would expect from a 3.5 to 4-star (but definitely not 5-star) resort.  

I'd definitely stay here again if I was looking for an in-season resort but didn't want to pay $350/night. If it was not tourist season, I might look elsewhere at the same price.  Overall a positive experience.
I drove 35 minutes (from the bowels of the valley... aka Gilbert) to get to Pomeroy's and it was well worth it. I met up with a group of friends to celebrate the life and times of Michael Jackson and the jukebox was ready for us. They had $30 worth of MJ songs loaded up that lasted us most of the evening. They have a slightly elevated game room with wooden floors that are perfect for moonwalking. 

They have several beers on tap, at a reasonable price. And, their menu is filled with delicious grilled cheese variations- my choice of the evening was grilled cheese with bacon. Bacon makes EVERYTHING better, right? 

I would totally agree with labeling this as a "dive bar" - dim lighting, pool tables, buck hunter.... yup, it's a divebar. But had a great time! And the service was great- thanks Charlie!
This library is pretty cool, there are always plenty of places to sit, they have friendly employees, a cafe and free wifi. And I love that. My only complaint is the hours there. they close earlier now and open later.
Hit or miss in my opinion. Sometimes there are great deals to be had, and others it's just outdated things that they are trying to sell before they go to a closeout vendor.
I fully expected to love this place as we're fans of the other locations and were so excited to see the sign on Camelback.  I give this location a big FAIL for service.  We were seated up front near the bar area by the guy I assumed was the owner/manager/full time bull-ish-er who spent the entire time visiting with a couple at the bar. My boyfriend asked for a soda and waters as we were being seated. The busser brought water,chips and salsa immediately and that was the last bit of 'good' service we received.  It took the waiter forever to come to our table just to take the order or even acknowledge we were there, again asked for soda. It took quite a bit of time for the soda to finally make an appearance at which point the food was delivered.  During our meal we tried flagging down the waiter 3 times to ask for drink refills. At one point he looked directly at us, nodded, and proceeded to forget about us.  After several attempts to flag him down I physically started waving my hands in the air as if I was stranded on an island waiting for a rescue but still not one single waiter/busser or captain BS at the bar seemed to notice or care. (and yes Mr. Bartender sir I DID in fact see that you saw and did nothing to alert the staff) 
I understand talking to customers is part of the business but it shouldn't be at the expense of others.  I'll even give you that it was their opening week however there's no excuse for blatantly ignoring clients sitting 2 feet from you while you do nothing but chat it up with the cute lady at the bar.  Not once did the waiter come to ask how we were or to check on us. The place wasn't that busy but even if it were the guy at the bar could've, you know, just peeked his head up to see how everyone was doing. The food is good but not good enough to make me come back. And what's up with the horrendous decor. We had to eat in the corner with a marble bust of Geronimo giving us the evil eye!
Besides all the typical reasons that I can find all the Asian goodies and fresh seafood, it's really an INTERNATIONAL market.  I travel out of country every year, so I make a point to hit the aisles beforehand so I know what I don't have to bring back... Being a crazy food collector, I need to save some baggage space for non-perishable souvenirs.  

I'm seriously tempted to take digital pictures of the food aisle representing the country I go to next... we brought back a few brands of yerba mate from Buenos Aires... taking away precious space from their version of dulce de leche... Lee Lee's had every brand of that funky drink at home!
It's a wine bar...wait...it's a beer bar...no, it's both! An excellent selection of both beer and wine with excellent service to boot. If you're in the neighborhood stop in and quench your thirst. 

As mentioned before they have a very generous happy hour... not so much an hour as a day (until 8p) daily.

As a bonus, they named the restroom "The Jim". So if you need a workout you can always say you went to the Jim (gym)!
I have been to Fuego Tacos twice, I was hoping the second time around would be better but it wasn't. we got there about 40 minutes before closing, we were rushed in reminded that  we needed to order quickly, (40min) before closing, I ordered a Margarita, was not happy with the Margarita because it was way too sweet, told my waitress I could not even taste the tequila,  instead of taking it back, she said to order a shot of tequila of Patron which I ended up ordering because indeed the margarita was beyond overpowering, I ordered the shrimp tacos, they were dry and just o.k, the food at Arriba down the street is half the price and twice as good, will never go back to Fuego again, very disappointed in how the waitress handled the situation. They need to work on customer service skills, if I am paying $10 a margarita, I expect them to make it right, if the food isn't that great, and the drinks aren't up to par, why would I bother coming back??
I go here with my fiance at least once a week to satisfy my seafood crave :) I don't eat much anything besides crab legs and craw-fishes :) Services are good - bad depends on the date. Good quality overall!
Friday night 8pm or so.  Awesome food. Thank you. Don't change a thing :) Perfect rolled tacos, guac and sc on the side :) Steak, bean and cheese burritos are my favorite. Best burrito yet from y'all . Thank you again for the delivery so late. Cheers, Bob
I've been waiting to try this place for a while, but seeing as I live in Tucson its not exactly down the street. So when I was up in Phoenix for the weekend, I knew where I wanted to go. We didnt have to wait for a table, which is always nice. After sitting for about 5-10 minutes our server came over and got our drink and appetizer order, which was the hummus. It was super tasty! He came back within 5 minutes wanting to get our entree order which made me feel a little bit rushed, so we hurried to decide on something to eat. I chose the pork and my boyfriend had the chicken. The pork was cooked perfectly, which I appreciate since undercooked pork is scary to eat, and overcooked is impossible to eat! The spaghetti squash and tomato sauce it was paired with was also wonderful. My boyfriends chicken was also cooked perfectly and came with mushrooms and a potatoe puree. When we wanted to order dessert, we asked the server what the gelato and sorbeto flavors of the day were, and his response was "listen carefully because I'm not going to repeat myself". Uhm...okay. He recited about 15 different flavors faster than I could comprehend them, then said "But thats only a few of them". Didnt bother to tell us the rest, or just let us look at the damn list ourselves. SO. We just got the two that sounded the most familiar, vanilla and mint. Both were pretty good, and one scoop was plenty! Overall I enjoyed dining here, and I will be back the next time Im up in Phoenix, however I hope we get a server that seems a little more excited to help us.
I decided to use City Wide because of their lower price.  Well I should have known better.  I was using another company for my pest control but thought I would give it a chance since I was trying to save a little cash.  One night inside my house, I almost stepped on a scorpion and I never had problems with scorpions with the other company.  Two days later, I found yet another scorpion in my house. I called City Wide the next day and told them I found two scorpions in my house.  The customer rep was extremely rude and condescending with me.  She told me I could up my coverage but it would cost a lot more.  Also, they would charge me another $25 fee on top of my monthly charge since they had just been out to my house to spray.  I DO NOT recommend City Wide and would suggest to seek other companies unless you want bugs, critters and scorpions living with you in your house.  Because City Wide was not spraying the right stuff, I'm now behind the eight ball and dealing with a pest issue!!
I love record stores. Let me repeat that: I love record stores.

At 14, I was singing the praises of vinyl to anyone who would listen, and so few of my peers understood that music simply sounds better on vinyl. At 25, I'm still a huge fan of vinyl - and continue to build my collection. Now, I recognize that vinyl has sported the tunes of bands like Fleetwood Mac (a fave of mine), Steve Winwood and Ella Fitzgerald, and that these records are in demand and fairly available. For those types of records, Revolver is great. But what disappointed me is the lack of rare or semi-rare albums. I'm talking The Byrds Sweetheart of The Rodeo, Gram Parsons anything, Emmylou Harris or The Association. Sadly, none of those were found, so I'll be looking elsewhere.
The employees' are always friendly, I've never walked in or out and was not greeted or ask to stop in soon. They are always making sure Ive found what i needed and are willing to help with anything they can. The deals are wonderful specially for the higher quality dog food that i feed my dogs.
True, the fish smell has arrived. But it really only hit me at the front door. After that, it faded. 

Inside, the store is bright and clean and chock full of goodies! Sadly, I had just gone to Ranch Market, so I didn't need much in the way of Asian groceries. On the upside, I was in need of other international delights, in particular, passion fruit syrup (can't have a zombie without it!).

Turns out, I had my choice of a Sri Lankan variety, and one made in Hong Kong. I went with the former.  I also picked up some Jamaican ginger beer, that was good and spicy -- perfect for a Dark and Stormy. Plus it's way closer for me to go to Lee Lee instead of BevMo to get it = bonus!

I also noted super prices on meat and seafood. The frozen crawfish had me thinking, "crawfish boil!" 

I consider my lesson learned. I don't need to be looking for Asian goods to come to Lee Lee!
Cozy, vintage, and amazing. There are 30,000 pennies in the bar top. Bartender is very friendly and knowledgeable about different wines. Wine pours come in beakers!!!
Great staff and wonderful food, This place hits the spot.
Great place, very friendly and welcoming, excellent food.  Frankly it is one of my favorite steak houses in town, in part because the quality of the meat is excellent and the price is reasonable.  The decor is rustic and reminds me of the steak houses my dad loved when I was a kid.  You pay for good food and excellent service, not for glitz.  That's just how I like it.
Nicole has become my "go-to" for my eyebrows. I lived here for a couple years before discovering her and always just bounced around to different salons for threading or eyebrow waxing. I wandered in here because of a sign they had out near Camelback announcing that new customers get a free wax. Gave it a try and became addicted to Nicole's eyebrow taming skills.
So where to start, my partner and I arrived about and signed in, there was one couple in front of use. The hostess asked if we have been here before, which we have not, she explained that we can help ourselves to water, ice tea and coffee. We got our drinks and sat and waited. More people arrives, the hostess sat the couple before, then started seating people who arrived after us, after the second couple behind us was seated I asked the hostess why my partner and i where not seated before others. She informed use that we had been seated already, however, I had to point out to her that we have been sitting right there (pointing to my partner) She insisted twice she sat us, so I asked her where she sat us, and then realized she made a mistake. Once that was taken care of and we were seated, the service was good, a little on the slow side, but the food was excellent, on par with The Farms but at a third of the price. We will be going back...
What happened here????
I go away for a bit and come back and the place turns to Clownville?
Tangible,I've got to say I'm disappointed.
The prices have gone up and the customer service has gone to shit.
It's gotten overrun with gymbunnies/rats who meander near the equipment doing not much more than staring at themselves flex.
Then there's the proliferation of independant personal trainers.
There's no one on staff that can tell you how to use the machines if you're new,and if you can't afford or want to use an independant trainer,you're left to flounder and feel foolish.
To the faux Jillian trainer,could you stop yelling at your clients from across the damn gym?This is not your reality show,you sound like an ass.I don't go to the gym to be subjected to your showboating and frankly,you're obnoxious.
Unfortunatley,this is the only game in town for me at the moment.
I only hope as the holidays near,the place will empty out somewhat.
I used to love this gym,now I simply tolerate it.
I have had consistently great food here!  My family often gets an order of pork fried rice and orange chicken and its more than enough to feed three adults and two children with left overs! I'm usually sensitive to take out Chinese food because of the oil. I usually get sick, but never have at this place. Really nice staff and always clean. One of our favorites!
Visiting Tempe and was just walking off dinner and decided to stop in for a beer.  Wound up smoking a good cigar and having a few pints.  Very friendly staff
This place is... different.

I can't say enough about those bathrooms, they're pretty cool. If you go there, you have to check out the bathrooms.

There were doughnuts on the bar one night when we went. That was awesome. We had the same bartender both times we've gone. She was really great, we loved her. I wish I remembered her name....

The place is cool, there are couches to sit on which are super comf. The stadium seating by the dance floor is cool too. This place is all around cool, just maybe not our "type" of crowd. Though they were mostly nice, and way better than your typical scottsdale douchy bar goers. Whatever they were going for when they set this up, I think they got there. It really is a beautiful little bar.
Although the food was ok (ok at best) it could not even begin to make up for the poor, poor, poor service. Our food came out one dish at a time and when we got the bill we had to be sure they didn't charge for a dish we ordered and they never brought out. Terrible. It took them two reminders and about 20 minutes to bring out water. Don't go there. Just a bad experience.
Very difficult get to know anyone in this church. No get-togethers. No classes. No Bible studies in the evenings for working people (except for a ladies study which isn't even at the church and you have to drive to someones house) . There is a Wed night service, but not by the Pastor. No Sunday night service, either, No Sunday School. Nadda. You can volunteer to help but no get-togethers to meet new friends. We went there for a few years and never got to know anyone except a "hi" on Sunday mornings. We loved the praise/worship leader, Pastor Reggie, but when the Pastor's daughter moved to the area she took over that and he mysteriously disappeared.. Too bad.
Why am I giving it 3 stars? It's the only true Spirit-filled church in the area that I've found.
Good Food and Great Service!  Just a bit pricey for the type of food they serve is my only complaint.
Terrific street tacos! We tried the carna asada, shrimp, and fish.  All were excellent and reasonably priced.  Had the rice and pinto beans-nothing to write home about here, they should put some effort into these two areas (not horrible but they really don't compliment the awesome tacos.  I didn't see any horchata on the menu and would have liked some but the Mexican coke was delicious.  I'll be back!
I hate to give a place that offers homemade veggie burgers two stars, but that's all I could muster. The service was very friendly, and the complimentary homemade potato chips were good. The onion rings were sliced a little thinly, which made them limp and not quite qualified as finger food. The black bean burgers really didn't hold together well at all. They really would have been better off wrapping them in a tortilla and calling them burritos. And over $31 for two burgers, a shared side, and two iced teas is pretty steep. You can eat the same quality and quantity of food, with much less fat, at Chipotle for half the price.
I stopped in for a quick lunch on a friday afternoon around 2pm.  The restaurant was empty when I had first walked in and was followed in by a few other patrons.  It's a very comfy trendy spot hidden in a cute neighborhood.  There are a few simple pieces of artwork along the back wall and they also sell some locally made cooking products (like olive oil).

We were immediately addressed and given menus to look over.  Their menu is very limited in choices, but they were all very diverse choices.  I had a very delicious sandwich which  was basically their rendition of a ham a cheese sandwich I believe.  Flavor was definitely there along with the refreshing taste of freshly prepared ingredients.  The lady that helped us was very polite and knowledgeable about everything that I was curious about.

Astor House is definitely a little gem in the middle of a small neighborhood.  I recommend this spot to anyone that is over the bland corporate  restaurants and want to enjoy something unique and delicious!

I still need to stop by the restaurant next door, the Tuck Shop!
The Zinburger was one of the best burgers I have ever eaten   I usually like a lot of stuff on my burger, but this didn't need anything more than the cheese, zin grilled onions, and some lettuce.  Just perfect. 

Overall, the place was very nice, but pricey.  For the price of the burgers, they should include a serving of fries, but you have to order those separately.  Their fries say they serve 2, but that is a stretch.  Two sensible servings perhaps, but if you are eating a burger, who's being sensible?

I would go back, and I would recommend this to friends, but only because the burger was THAT good.
Burger has good flavor and like the crispy fries. I think for the price there isn't much better.
After reading all the reviews, I really expected more from this place.  Their pulled pork sandwich was not very good.  The meat was tough, and there was no smokey flavor whatsoever from the meat, just an incredibly sweet sauce with ketchup consistency that overpowered everything.  The other sauces on the table were just as bad.  The sides were pretty good, however.  I liked the blue cheese slaw and the cowboy beans, but sides are not enough for a BBQ place to stand on.  Normally, I like to visit a place several times and try multiple things from the menu before I can say whether I like it or not.  Because the pork was so bad, I'm reluctant to give this place another shot.  I'm from the South, and I haven't really found any place in AZ that can cook pulled pork properly (only Pork on a Fork comes close).  However, the pulled pork I had to day at the BBQ Co. was some of the worst I've had in the Phoenix area.
Neat coffee shop in north east Phoenix. Good seating area with tables, chairs, sofa and lazy chairs. My first visit was for a cup of coffee. The home made coffee brew was prepared. I handed my debit card for payment and was hit by ten cents fee for using my debit card for a bill under ten dollars. The debit card fee was not stated when i ordered and there was no visible signage. The coffee was great but the ten cents extra charge for using my debit card made my visit short. My search is on for another locally owned coffee shop without the ten cents debit card fee aka coffee tax.
I'd give this place five stars except I consider it pricey and the limited weekend hours can inflate the bill a little.  Very pleasant staff who remembered my pet from one visit to the next.  Clean, clean, clean.  Deluxe accomodations and I like the touch of the little photo of my dog playing placed on my bill. 

Also, they are very attentive to making sure your pet's shots are up-to-date.  So that gives confidence that only healthy animals are boarded - or at least it reduces the chance that your pet will come home with something they picked up while boarded.

I have used off-and-on for two years now.  Sometimes they are booked solid and I have to go elsewhere, and I haven't found anywhere else that compares quality-wise.  I feel very guilty boarding my sweet Lab at all.  Going here reduces that feeling as much as possible.

Highly recommended for your puppy dog.
Hotel concierge said they had the best steaks in town. My guess is .... correct! The building looks like a big square bunker outside. We parked in the back and the entrance is the kitchen so when we left we yelled to everybody how good it was. The profile says its dressy but we had tees and hats and nobody got hurt. Filet mignon was insane. Comfy place and looks like old school lounge where Sinatra would hang. The sommelier helped pick out a great dessert wine and alot of waiters were hanging out chatting with us even though we weren't their table. 
The food here is five stars and so is everything else. The sign looks like a freakin bowling alley sign
... bonus points.
As a Chandler Arizona native, I have a VERY warm place in my heart for Espo's Mexican Food... I've been coming here since I was old enough to eat a burrito!!!
Dont come here expecting fancy schmancy ambiance...Come here for Delicious, Authentic Mexican Food served up fast in a very casual setting. 

You cant go wrong, everything on the menu is delicious & prepared daily. 

This "Mom & Pop" restaurant opened its doors in 1974 & has been Family owned & operated for over 40 years. 

Great if you want good food fast & aren't trying to wine & dine.
We usually call ahead & pick up our food to go, but there is also a small dining room inside & an outside patio with seating as well.

My favorites are the shredded beef tacos and the bean & cheese burritos...and they have the BEST Green Chili!!! Everything on the menu is delicious.

 See More Here: http://thesuiteworld.com/dining/espos-best-mexican-food-restaurant-chandler-arizona-dining/
Went to this place for the first time with a coworker. 

Lunch hour was SUPEr busy, and now I know why! It was delicious!

She ahd the falafel boat, which she says is her favorite.

I had the hummus deluxe, which when I received it, was HUGE! I couldn't even finish it off! I got a peice of baklava on our way out, and we both picked up some delicious greek chocolate goodies for the office communal snack desk. My baklava was probably the best I've had. Definitely fresh and made on site. 

Didn't get a chance to browse through the mini market they have, but I will DEFINITELY be going back to do so!
These ladies know how to run a nail salon!

They are very fast and friendly which I find delightful when I'm getting my nails done.  

They have plenty of seating so you can usually sit next to friends if you go together.

Tip: Look out for Labor Day weekend - speaking from a former ASU sorority girl, recruitment weekend is Labor Day Weekend (first weekend in September)  this is the closest nail salon to campus so tons of girls go here to get their nails done prior, so it can be packed during that weekend.

I'm giving it 3 out of 5 stars because I've seen some really immaculate nail salons and while this has good atmosphere, I've also seen better - but it's still good!
Been coming to Nicks for years and its still my favorite place. I keep coming back for the Chicken Parm and cannolis!! This place is a staple in Scottsdale, best Italian food around for miles. I dream about their food. Authentic, classic, innovative - they have it all.
Customer Service is unreal, as in outta this world friendly.
Thank you for helping us every time we go in there.
I live so close by, why not stop in when i need a few things. Good selection of produce and items are usually on sale without a savings card. I even found Redbull for a smokin' deal! And I must mention that -Louise N is a very sweet cashier!
I've eaten late weekday breakfasts here a few times now.  Breakfast Joynt has made even this breakfast hater a fan.  It's hard to say what one thing did it for me - the servers that have both great personalities and are efficient, the pancakes (and I don't even like pancakes much), the thick chewy bacon...OK, maybe it was that bacon.  Or is it that this place is so un-Scottsdale even though it's in the heart of attitude central.  

The only drawback might be the non-breakfast items, because my dining partners weren't thrilled with the monte cristos they got, and the burger looked good but not great.  

So to give readers some unsolicited advice, stick to the breakfast items, don't order OJ when oranges aren't in season, don't feel bad if you don't already know you're supposed to seat yourself - everyone does it, and look for the Breakfast Joynt at the back of the strip mall behind Javino's and next to Gold's Gym.
I travel a lot and like going to the Barrio's Cafe in the Phoenix airport.  Problem is... my advocacy is loosing momentum with each visit due to the servers spending more time complaining about their job and co-workers than paying attention to creating a vibe worthy of repeat. Please get back on track.
Great sushi.  Only complaint would be its very crowded and loud.  Otherwise, just great sushi.
What?  am I really FTR on this?  huh.  weird.

Anyways, this blimpie's is in the shopping center near my office.  I come here from time to time because I actually get hungry on lunch!  Today was one of those days.

The good side of this place is that there's hardly ever a wait.  Even with a line, things move quickly and efficiently.  Menu selection is decent, prices are fair, and there's plenty of indoor seating.  They have a nice bread selection here, which I like as well.

Downside?  I kinda find Blimpie's subs to be...well, mediocure.  Its by far 10 million times better then Subway any day..but not enough to really impress my tastebuds.

Anyways, if your in the area, and want a halfway decent sub, swing by and pick one up!
I love this place. I recommend it all the time. 

However, I always....and I mean ALWAYS have to explain to people that this is "not the place with the little flag that gets you more tacos" 

This restaurant has a special place in my heart.
Stuffy, overpriced, and boring!  We went for breakfast (because it appeared there was no other on resort options).  We were greeted by a formal gentleman in a suit and immediately felt as if we were in a courthouse and not a restaurant for breakfast.  We sat on the outdoor patio which was very nice.  The service was fine.  The food was totally boring and COMPLETELY OVERPRICED.  Breakfast for 3 was $85.00!  Get a grip!  We left the resort the next day and ventured in to town where we found a GREAT local place.
